Krish Naik: Am I audible now?
Krish Naik: Perfect?
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, I can see the excitement everyone has.
Krish Naik: Okay. How are you all happy? Sunday?
Krish Naik: How's the session? Yesterday's session. I hope everybody has revised and done the assignment
Krish Naik: perfect.
Krish Naik: Today the session is going to be
Krish Naik: amazing because we are going to learn about rag
Krish Naik: and there will be many things that we'll be discussing about as we go ahead, you know.
Krish Naik: Perfect.
Krish Naik: Let me start sharing my screen.
Krish Naik: Just let me know, once you're able to see my screen.
Krish Naik: So, as usual. 1st of all, I will just write about the agenda.
Krish Naik: First, st let's understand luncheon versus line graph.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: I know I've already started about land chain. We have also implemented some Ll powered application, at least, you know, in Jupyter notebook.
Krish Naik: But it is really necessary that we try to understand what exactly Langchain versus lang graph is. And then based on this, we will be trying to cover up some of the syllabus. Okay? Clear everybody.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: And we'll then try to understand the differences, and then we will learn some of the topics
Krish Naik: like what is retrievers and all, there are many topics that we are going to specifically learn. Okay, so in this session, we are going to cover this, and we are also going to start with rag. Okay? And before starting with Rag, it is necessary that we understand some very basic stuff related to Langchain. And then your learning process will be very, very much simple. Okay.
Krish Naik: the chaining concept. Why, chaining is important and how things basically happen. All those things we will be specifically discussing. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, I hope Lcl is just like a chaining concept itself. I'll talk about it. I have a lot of different things that we'll implement related to Lcl, okay.
Krish Naik: okay.
Krish Naik: Now.
Krish Naik: as you all know, this, Langchain and Lang graph Lang graph specifically is also part of Langchain. But this will be specifically used for some of the important functionalities.
Krish Naik: 1st of all, let's go ahead and understand about Langchain.
Krish Naik: Okay, Langchain is specifically used to build Llm. Powered applications.
Krish Naik: Langchain is specifically used to build Llm powered application.
Krish Naik: Now, in Langchin, specifically, you have 3 important parts, this one.
Krish Naik: 1, 2 and 3.
Krish Naik: Okay. And most of the things that we specifically learn will be based on this 3 things. Okay.
Krish Naik: here the 1st thing is nothing but retrieve.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: So here the 1st thing is nothing but rate tree. Okay.
Krish Naik: the second thing is nothing, but it is basically called as summarize.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: And here the 3rd thing is nothing but answer or output.
Krish Naik: Now here. 1st of all, let me also make sure to disable the chat, so that everybody does not get disturbed.
Krish Naik: Now, whenever you develop any, any, anything, any applications with respect to land chain, Llm. Powered application here. The main important concept with respect to land chain is nothing but chaining.
Krish Naik: When we say chaining, what does this basically mean
Krish Naik: chaining basically means here we are going to focus on sequential, sequential execution of process.
Krish Naik: That basically means all the task that we specifically define
Krish Naik: in a sequential chain. We try to execute that particular task. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, what kind of task mainly is available over here? These are the 3 task that is, retrieve. Summarize.
Krish Naik: Answer
Krish Naik: here. While we are retrieving, there are some very important things that is required. See? Retrieving basically means what you're retrieving some data from somewhere. Right? You are retrieving some data. It can be a vector database.
Krish Naik: It can be some kind of data source.
Krish Naik: It can be a Pdf file. It can be a Csv file. It can be a text file.
Krish Naik: So here, when I talk about retriever
Krish Naik: retrieve, here we are retrieving the content specifically from
Krish Naik: different types of documents. So we basically write document loader.
Krish Naik: Okay? And in Langchain there are different different document loaders that we specifically use
Krish Naik: some of the document loaders, that.
Krish Naik: as you know, you may be reading content from websites. You may be reading content from Pdfs. You may be reading content from excel. You may be reading Const. Content from an Xml file.
Krish Naik: it can be different different sources. Right?
Krish Naik: So our main thing is that in the case of retrieval process
Krish Naik: already, you know, Langchain has come up with so many different ways of reading from different different data sources, and that all libraries are present inside document loader.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Now, once you specifically read a content, you know, the next step is that if I really want to make that content available as a context to an Llm. You know. Then we perform various process right? What kind of process we perform is nothing, but we perform something called as text splitter.
Krish Naik: Have you heard about tech splitter. And why do you think
Krish Naik: we split the text into chunks?
Krish Naik: Anybody?
Krish Naik: Why do you think we split the text into chunks?
Krish Naik: Because in Llm there is a very important thing related to context window right context.
Krish Naik: Each Llm has some capability with respect to the context.
Krish Naik: See? Context is just like
Krish Naik: you ask me any call, any any information related to machine learning, deep learning, I will be able to answer you how that is possible.
Krish Naik: how that is possible, because I have been already trained from past 13 to 14 years.
Krish Naik: right with this kind of data. But what happens if you ask me something related to a new topic that has just come recently.
Krish Naik: Right? What I will do. I will just go ahead and probably check in the Internet, or probably go ahead and check in the books, and then get that particular context information
Krish Naik: right, and then try to answer you right. It is not necessary that I have to. And again, my context size will be very simple. See, I may read one blog, and probably tell you the entire information
Krish Naik: to have more in-depth information. I may refer to 2 to 3 different blogs, so the amount of content can keep on increasing, and I can provide that content to myself, so that I will be able to answer you. But there is a limitation for that particular context. Right?
Krish Naik: If you tell me, hey, Krish, you just learn the entire book and probably try to give me, it will not be possible. So what I will do, whatever source I'm reading, whatever document, loader, or whatever source I'm reading from. Let it be website. Pdf, then be some kind of limit. So what I'll do I will take that into chunk by Chunk and then try to answer. I hope you are able to understand this with a very simple in real world examples.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah.
Krish Naik: yes or no. Tell me, are you able to understand what I'm actually trying to say over here. Right? So for me, it is not possible to probably load the entire Internet information and probably tell you, I'm just a human being. My brain just has some kind of capacity where I will be able to refer some of the things. I will divide that information within my mind into chunks. And I will be able to explain. Okay, so this is what 2 important steps basically happens in retrieve.
Krish Naik: Now in retrieve, there may be also
Krish Naik: so. But why the limited Llm. Is it due to processing power? Yeah, see, every Llm. Has some kind of parameters. Right? We say this many billions of parameters, we say, Hey, Google Gemini has this much context window. Right? See if I just go ahead and search for something. Right? Let's say, I go over here and search for Google Gemini
Krish Naik: context, window
Krish Naik: context window. Okay, see, let's say that this Gemini, 1.5 pro is 2 million context window.
Krish Naik: 2 million context window in Swed out 2 million tokens. It can probably consider. And then it can probably provide you an answer at a time.
Krish Naik: I hope everybody is making it. Is it making sense? Yeah, like this. Now.
Krish Naik: now, people will come up with companies will keep on, come up with different different Llms. And this context size will make keep on increasing.
Krish Naik: because that is the capability of the model itself. Right now there may be some more smarter people than me who may have more information about this. They may have more information to process and all right, and they may be better than me. Right?
Krish Naik: So this is really, really important. Okay? And considering this, if you probably see over here this 2 are the most important tasks. Now, with respect to the retriever. There may be situation that I may. Reading this particular documents. I may probably convert this text into chunks, you know, but at the end of the day
Krish Naik: I will be able to store even this in some kind of vector database. Right? Why do I store? Why do I need to store this in some kind of vector database
Krish Naik: so that I can accord, accommodate as many chunks as I can, yes or no.
Krish Naik: And whenever I require any information from the vector, database. I can definitely perform a semantic search.
Krish Naik: I can definitely perform a semantic search.
Krish Naik: I hope everybody it is making sense. Right?
Krish Naik: What I'm trying to explain over here.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: And this way
Krish Naik: you will be able to see that we will be able to even get a very accurate response. Okay.
Krish Naik: now.
Krish Naik: this is what we specifically learn in retrieve. Right? We, we see that, you know. One of the major challenges in retrieve, you know.
Krish Naik: is related to document loader. Now, different different companies
Krish Naik: may have different kind of data.
Krish Naik: So document loader is like, you're loading some doc information from a document. Right? Every company may have a different kind of document data. Right?
Krish Naik: So that is very, very important that you need to understand. This is the major step.
Krish Naik: And here is what many of you will write different different customized code, customized code making sense.
Krish Naik: Yeah, making sense.
Krish Naik: So in this specific video, we are going to learn about different different document loaders. We are going to learn about different different text splitters. We are going to learn about vector database, you know.
Krish Naik: Now, coming to the next one that is summarize. Okay, now, what does summarize basically means. And here is what your chaining concepts will come up right when we talk about chaining.
Krish Naik: I'll just try to combine something like this. This is chaining. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, in the training it will be like, I will go ahead and write my prompt.
Krish Naik: I'll go ahead and use my Llms.
Krish Naik: And then I will probably provide the context to this particular Llm. The context may be provided from rag.
Krish Naik: from a document from input wherever you want.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And this will be executing in a sequential manner. Understand this, this is really important. It will just execute in a sequential manner, sequential basically means, if this node is got executed, then it will go to the next node. I'll not say Node. But if this
Krish Naik: this task has got executor. Yeah, task is the right word.
Krish Naik: This task is basically executed. Then we go to the next task.
Krish Naik: Then we go to the next task right?
Krish Naik: And the best thing is that this task will only run in a sequential order.
Krish Naik: right? Sequential order. I cannot go back once this is executed. I cannot go back. Okay? And that is the reason we say this as directed
Krish Naik: or cyclic graph directed a cycling graph. And this is also called as Dag.
Krish Naik: Okay, bag.
Krish Naik: So here, what we are specifically doing here, we are writing a prompt, we are executing. We are using different different Llms. We use context. We provide to that particular Llm. And then we let's say that one of the task is like summarize. We summarize it right. The Llm. Probably summarize this right
Krish Naik: now, when we go to the next step.
Krish Naik: Okay, here is nothing but answering. Now, answering means, what
Krish Naik: what does answering here? Also, you can basically apply chaining right? So this is my one chain, then second chain, then 3rd chain. Right now, with respect to chain here there may be scenario that I may apply some kind of memory, persistent memory, right? Some kind of persistent memory. I may use it here also, we use different kind of Llms.
Krish Naik: Right here also we may use different Llms. It can be same Llm. Different Llms. Here also we can apply prompt and finally get the output.
Krish Naik: This all tasks that you are able to see, this is basically executing in a sequential manner. Right? Yeah. You can also say it as generation fine.
Krish Naik: Does this make sense with respect to understanding about Langchain.
Krish Naik: Yes or no.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Yes, making sense.
Krish Naik: I hope you have understood what is sequential. What is this? And all right.
Krish Naik: Now, when I talk about when I talk about Langraff.
Krish Naik: Okay, when I specifically talk about lang graph.
Krish Naik: Now, why do we use Langara? This is really important, you know.
Krish Naik: in lang graph, what is the primary focus.
Krish Naik: Here. The primary focus is to create multi AI agents multi AI agents.
Krish Naik: And the best thing is that these agents will be communicating with themselves to solve a complex workflow.
Krish Naik: complex workflow.
Krish Naik: Okay. Complex workflow.
Krish Naik: Here we have seen the main aim of Langchain is just to solve a normal AI powered Llm powered application
Krish Naik: in the form of chile, right?
Krish Naik: And you're just solving it. And you're solving it to a you're basically executing a task in a sequential manner. Right?
Krish Naik: But when we talk about lang graph, this is a very complex workflow. And here Dag is not required. See here, if I talk with respect to lang graph. There are 3 important things. One
Krish Naik: task task will get executed. You have nodes for executing this task.
Krish Naik: You have edges, and here they don't follow directed or cyclic graph. Instead, they follow a graph structure.
Krish Naik: Okay, this is really important for you all to understand this, they follow a graph structure there you can see in Langchain they follow chain structure, which is also called as directed or cyclic graph, because it will not go back
Krish Naik: right in this particular case, when you are actually creating any complex workflow, you will be using graph. And there will be a scenario that you may go back from where you have basically started. So let's say that I have some kind of task.
Krish Naik: This is Task A, then I can go ahead and
Krish Naik: have a conditional statement even, for
Krish Naik: I may have a conditional statement from task B to task C, right.
Krish Naik: And I may also go back again if I'm not satisfied.
Krish Naik: And again, I may go ahead and execute this task. D.
Krish Naik: Then I may come and end it.
Krish Naik: and the best part is that from here I can even go back.
Krish Naik: So here we specifically use a graph structure
Krish Naik: right whenever we talk about task a, this is one type of node.
Krish Naik: These are called as edges.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And this is basically a start node your end node in this particular way. So here, specifically, we are following a graph structure in executing any complex task.
Krish Naik: See here also, when I am forming a chain
Krish Naik: with respect to chain, I can go ahead and implement this task in this way.
Krish Naik: Here also you may have some kind of conditions right? But this will always be sequential
Krish Naik: here. It is not going to be sequential. Does this make sense?
Krish Naik: Does it make sense?
Krish Naik: Now the reason why I'm telling you, because afterwards we will be implementing all these things.
Krish Naik: Okay, afterwards we will be implementing all these things. Now, one specific difference between lang graph and langchain.
Krish Naik: In lang graph, we are definitely going to use various components. One of the component will be memory.
Krish Naik: The second component will be prompt.
Krish Naik: The 3rd component can be Llm.
Krish Naik: The 4th component can be a simple AI agent also.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: will be a simple agent also, whereas in the case of, yeah, you can also go ahead and write tools tools.
Krish Naik: But here all our important components are this.
Krish Naik: So with the help of this, you will be able to implement almost each and everything
Krish Naik: within the nodes. You have to probably write prompt. See internally in the nodes. Also you have to write prompt
Krish Naik: edges will probably help you to help you with the flow of information between this particular nodes.
Krish Naik: And this is my entire State graph State graph. It's not a simple graph. It is a state graph state graph basically means it is also going to maintain some information which will be shared within the specific notes.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: And here every task can be a separate AI agent, which is collaborating with themselves, communicating with themselves to solve a complex workflow.
Krish Naik: Here a very simple workflow only can be implemented.
Krish Naik: Simple workflow can be implemented clear?
Krish Naik: Yes, yeah.
Krish Naik: How was the explanation? Till here?
Krish Naik: Superb?
Krish Naik: Yeah. So is it correct to say, whenever agent to agent communication happens, it happens to Langra, see, understand? Agent to agent communication is nothing. But you are creating a multi AI agent, right
Krish Naik: stateful multi AI agent. I'll say this as stateful.
Krish Naik: And one more important thing is that the memory management is quite efficient in lang graph, right?
Krish Naik: Quite efficient in line graph.
Krish Naik: Okay? So this was about the differences between Langchain and Lang Graph. Now, with respect to our learning again, I've told you, retrieve so we will try to. 1st of all go ahead and see related to various document loaders.
Krish Naik: Then we will probably go ahead and see about text splitters. Then we'll see about vector databases each and everything. Okay.
Krish Naik: clear.
Krish Naik: Yeah, shall we go ahead and execute things now?
Krish Naik: So till yesterday, I hope we have done till here.
Krish Naik: Yes, Arno.
Krish Naik: So we have covered lang lang Langchain basics.
Krish Naik: Now it's time that we go to the next step.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And Bhavaya, says the practical Miniatai.
Krish Naik: So, Elena, you can find everything in the
Krish Naik: dashboard with respect to codes and all.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, guys, I am just going to make a folder again.
Krish Naik: So let's say I will make another folder over here.
Krish Naik: 2.1. And I'll say, Hey, 1st of all, let's start with data
Krish Naik: loader or data ingestion. Also, I can say, Okay.
Krish Naik: so I will just go, please, everybody focus here. You don't need to write any code. Let me show you each and everything, and then I will give you time to write the code.
Krish Naik: And here I will just go ahead and put some of the files. Okay.
Krish Naik: see? I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm I'm using some of the files that I'm actually going to use
Krish Naik: like this. All right, records, dot xml and all. See, I will put inside this.
Krish Naik: So this is my files that I'm actually going to use records. Dot xml speech dot txt syllables dot. Pdf, at all. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, the 1st thing is that let me go ahead and create one file over here
Krish Naik: that is called as data ingestion dot ipy. Only.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, with respect to the data ingestion.
Krish Naik: Everybody, please focus over here. Okay, don't worry. We will. As soon as we cover crew. AI, we'll also understand the difference. Yeah.
Krish Naik: See, let me go along with my speed. That would be helpful. Otherwise people will keep on taking.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: great. Let's focus on completing the syllabus. Okay, I'll disable the chat.
Krish Naik: Okay, great. Now, let's go ahead and start working on data ingestion.
Krish Naik: Here, we can basically write data ingestion or data loader.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And for this, I will also show you where you can refer to the documentation. See?
Krish Naik: Always remember whatever topics I am teaching. Please make sure
Krish Naik: to go ahead and just search in the Internet like this data loader. Okay, if you go over here, make sure that you have this in version point 3. Now, the most amazing thing about data loader is that you will be able to load data from a Csv. From unstructured recursive URL sitemap fire crawl hyper browser, Agentql, Pdfs
Krish Naik: in Pdf, you have so many different things. If you also want to use cloud Provider, you can use Aws S, 3, Directory, s. 3, file azure AI data.
Krish Naik: Google, drive
Krish Naik: any kind of things that you want. Even you want. With respect to social media platform you want from telegram Whatsapp.
Krish Naik: All these options are there figma, notion? Slack cube. Github.
Krish Naik: you want to go ahead and load it directly from Directory. Just go over here. You'll find the code. You have all documents loader anywhere that you want. Right? You can probably read those kind of content. Okay, that is the most amazing thing. There is one startup that is also available who are specifically only working on document parsing. Right? You give them any kind of documents. They will provide you
Krish Naik: the best way of parsing that documents and giving it to you, right? And this is the reason why so many different types of there. And when you work with your company data document, parsing is the most important step. Okay? Because you want to use this information in the form of context. And do this right, let's say that I have a website. I may read the content from the website, and I can create my own Chatbot assistant. You know, you can ask any information from that particular website, and it will be able to give you the answer right?
Krish Naik: So this is the about the document loader. I will just go ahead and also even provide you this particular URL over here so that you can refer it whenever you want. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, let's go ahead and start our code. I will quickly make some code cells. Okay.
Krish Naik: the 1st thing that I'm actually going to start is with a normal text loader.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Now for a text loader, how do we probably go ahead and use the text loader. Okay, it is very simple. I will go over here. I will search for
Krish Naik: text loader.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: Or, Oh, where is this text loader.
Krish Naik: Let me just go ahead and search for it. Langchain.
Krish Naik: Text, load up.
Krish Naik: See? In the text loader. You have this documentation. Now you know this text loader is present inside Langshin and also community dot documentloaders dot text. Right?
Krish Naik: So what you can basically do, I will just go ahead and import like this. I will go over here
Krish Naik: and I'll write from from Langchain, underscore community dot document underscore loader dot text import text.
Krish Naik: Load up.
Krish Naik: Okay, and I'll go ahead and execute it to see everything is working fine.
Krish Naik: Now, here I have used one txt file. This txt is basically some kind of speech.
Krish Naik: some precedent speech, you know.
Krish Naik: and this speech has some information like world must be saved. This this all the information is there, and I'm trying to read this speech dot txt from my local
Krish Naik: and see that how we'll be able to read it. Okay?
Krish Naik: So I will go ahead and create a variable called as loader is equal to text loader, and then
Krish Naik: I will just go ahead and use
Krish Naik: this particular file name speech dot txt.
Krish Naik: So text loader is specifically used for reading any dot txt file. Okay?
Krish Naik: And then if I go ahead and execute this loader and execute this here, you'll be able to see that
Krish Naik: here it is a type of document loader. The type is nothing but text loader object at this particular memory location.
Krish Naik: Now the question rises, Krish, fine. You are trying to load this. This is just an object.
Krish Naik: How do I load the content?
Krish Naik: And in which type data type this content will get loaded? Okay, now, to load the content. You just have to use one function which is called as loader dot load.
Krish Naik: Okay, when you write loader dot load.
Krish Naik: And here we are specifically going to use text documents
Krish Naik: is equal to load or not load.
Krish Naik: Let's go ahead and use text underscore documents.
Krish Naik: So now, do you see that you are able to read the content. See here, the type of this text document is nothing but document.
Krish Naik: You have some metadata information, and then you see the page content.
Krish Naik: The page, content that you are going to probably see over here is loaded directly from the speech. Dot txt
Krish Naik: see entire page content right? Very simple the way of reading the entire page. Content.
Krish Naik: Now you should understand that whenever I load anything from a text loader or load anything that is from document loaders function.
Krish Naik: It is basically giving a type of document. Okay? And this document will be very, very important, because at the end of the day your Llm. Will be able to understand this specific information in a much more better way.
Krish Naik: The reason we are providing metadata see in the metadata the source is nothing but speechtxt. If you want more additional information in the metadata, you can also put that okay. And again, for that, you need to go ahead and write your own custom document parsing. Okay.
Krish Naik: does this make sense? Yeah, please let me know. Is this, is this making sense very simple? No, much like not that difficult. We are just loading a content like how we used to write pandas. And we are reading some kind of data set in pandas. Your return type is data frame. Here it is of document. Okay.
Krish Naik: right?
Krish Naik: Clear, clear. Everybody.
Krish Naik: Now, now tell me one thing.
Krish Naik: Now tell me one thing, this entire content is visible over here.
Krish Naik: right? The entire content is visible over here, do you think, should I pass this content directly as a context to the Llm.
Krish Naik: What will happen if I directly pass this to the Llm.
Krish Naik: See in my speech text, I know there are only 13 lines of 30 lines of text.
Krish Naik: but in a real world scenario. You may have 1,000 text files. You may have
Krish Naik: 10,000 text files. You may have different different text files. Right?
Krish Naik: So what is our situation is that we have to make sure that we cut. We do the text splitter. So that is the reason. Here we told right. 1st of all, we have loaded the document right now, the thing is that we need to split
Krish Naik: the text right? So that
Krish Naik: that context window issue should not be coming with respect to our Llm, okay? So now, what we are basically going to do is that we are going to go ahead and implement our text splitter. Now for implementing text splitter.
Krish Naik: Okay, I will show you how to implement Textplater. But let's let's see some more examples. Now, here you should see in document loader. You have something called as
Krish Naik: Pdf, you see, you have something like pi. Pdf, you have unstructured. Pdf plumber pi pdf, Directory. Right? Let's say that you use pi, Pdf to load and parse a Pdf, so 1st of all, we'll see some examples with respect to loading different different kind of data set, and then we will go ahead and do the text splitting. Okay, that we will do as we combine right now. How do I probably go ahead and read any kind of Pdf, so here is one. Pdf.
Krish Naik: okay, this. Pdf, you can see over here. Syllabus dot. Pdf, this is basically your course syllabus. And I have put it over here right now. What we are basically going to do is that we are going to go ahead and read a Pdf file. So let's go ahead and read a Pdf file. Okay? So from lang chain.
Krish Naik: underscore community dot document underscore loaders.
Krish Naik: Okay, document underscore loaders.
Krish Naik: Import by Pdf, load up. Okay.
Krish Naik: clear. Now let me just go ahead and initialize. So let's see that whether this will get executed or not.
Krish Naik: So 1st of all, this is getting executed. Perfectly done. Now I'm going to go ahead and create my loader where I initialize
Krish Naik: pi Pdf. Folder.
Krish Naik: and inside this Pi Pdf folder I will just go ahead and write my syllabus dot. Pdf, file, because we are going to read this particular Pdf.
Krish Naik: then, again, the same step. We will be using this loader dot load.
Krish Naik: Okay? Which will basically giving my documents.
Krish Naik: And now I will just go ahead and put into my documents. Very simple. Let's go ahead and execute this.
Krish Naik: Now, do you see some error over here?
Krish Naik: It is saying that, Krish, you need to probably go ahead and import or install this pi. Pdf, yes.
Krish Naik: So whenever we use this Pi Pdf library, it is asking me to probably go ahead and install this library. Now tell me, how do I probably go ahead and do this. Where do I need to update it? So I will go to my requirement txt. I will go ahead and write it over here. I will go ahead and see that I'm in my virtual environment and just go ahead and write pip install
Krish Naik: minus r requirement dot txt.
Krish Naik: Yeah. So now here, you can see that it will start installing. And then my installation is perfectly done.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, if I execute again, will it work or not.
Krish Naik: The answer is, it will work.
Krish Naik: Now, do you see how much kind of information we have specifically got?
Krish Naik: Now, why do you think here we just got one document here. We have got so many different documents, any reason.
Krish Naik: any reason, and see the metadata information? I created this document from Canva right? And all the information is basically coming over here.
Krish Naik: Multiple pages. Very good. So if I just go ahead and open the syllabus.
Krish Naik: open the syllabus. This syllabus is a multi-page syllabus.
Krish Naik: You see this, and page by page. It has divided those thing in the form of documents.
Krish Naik: Make sense.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yes.
Krish Naik: See, extracting image is not done because I don't want images. Use case right right now.
Krish Naik: You can also extract the image, and you can see that how you want to save the image. Do you want to save the image in the form of block, file and all? It is up to you?
Krish Naik: It is very simple task. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now see, over here.
Krish Naik: And here, you can see, contains AI generated content. Total pages. Say, let's see over here.
Krish Naik: all the content is basically here. Right?
Krish Naik: See, Monal from our team has basically created the content. So here you will be able to find out each and every information.
Krish Naik: right course, information.
Krish Naik: see all the names. Everything is basically over here, right?
Krish Naik: Making sense everyone
Krish Naik: where the loader is storing it. It is right now in local, right? Right now in local, in my local memory. It is basically having this particular information. We can also save this anywhere that we want.
Krish Naik: We can use pipe Pdf for extracting images, too. So see over here, let's try that also. Okay. So if you see, I have pi mu mediaf load, Pdf files using pi, mu pdf loader here, you can see that all the information is basically given. All the things are there.
Krish Naik: This kind of information, you will be able to get it. So you can just go ahead and use any kind of things that you specifically want. Okay.
Krish Naik: okay? And at any point of time, if you have any questions, just Google it.
Krish Naik: It's more about learning things in a way that you will be able to learn this in a very easy way. Okay.
Krish Naik: I hope it is making sense. Everyone.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yes, perfect.
Krish Naik: Now let's go back over here. Go back to our data ingestion. Now, this is done. Okay, now, let's go ahead and try to do it directly from a web based loader. So do I have web based loader over here.
Krish Naik: Let's see.
Krish Naik: web based. Loader. Okay? So there is also site map. See? Just imagine you will be able to load things directly from a sitemap. Okay. Now, I will try to show you one more important thing that is called as web based loader. Now, web based loader is quite amazing, because you will be able to read from any kind of websites.
Krish Naik: Okay, any any kind of website. So for this, you have to probably go ahead and import
Krish Naik: Langchain underscore community dot document loaders import web based loader.
Krish Naik: Now, Anwar Sharma says that what if Pdf contains mixed data, tables and images? Just try it out and see. And this will be one of the assignment.
Krish Naik: Try to find out whether there is any library or document loader which will also be able to load the images. Pi mu pdf, you can basically try
Krish Naik: if there are table content, how those those content basically get read. And are you able to try to find out the information out of it? Just try to find out. Okay, now, in web based loader, you'll be able to scrap any kind of websites. So for web based loader. 1st of all, I really require one very important library that is called as Bs. 4
Krish Naik: beautiful soup, for so this internally uses beautiful soup. I will just go ahead and do pip install minus our requirement dot txt. Now, you may be thinking, Krish, what this exact code is doing, what web based loader is basically doing. It is not doing anything. It is basically doing web scrapping. Okay, just imagine a document, Parser, you have written a web scrapping code. You converted that into a class, and you have provided that as a document loader over here.
Krish Naik: Okay, so now in web based loader, I will just go ahead and write import Bs 4.
Krish Naik: Then I will go ahead and write. Loader is equal to web base load up.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, inside my web-based loader. The 1st parameter that I need need to give is web paths.
Krish Naik: What is my web path? Okay? And here I can also give multiple web path. So I can just go ahead and write like this one path. Second, second path, 3rd path. It is up to you
Krish Naik: how many path you want to give you can give. Okay.
Krish Naik: so like this, you can probably go ahead and give any number of path. Okay.
Krish Naik: then your second parameter is nothing. But you can also go ahead and see
Krish Naik: any any pages. Let's say that I'm going to probably go ahead and read this page.
Krish Naik: Okay, let's go ahead and read this page.
Krish Naik: Now for this particular page. I will just go ahead and give this path over here.
Krish Naik: Okay, loaders.
Krish Naik: Now let's execute this. So for after executing this, what I need to write loader, dot load.
Krish Naik: and this will basically be my docs.
Krish Naik: And here I'm just going to go ahead and print docs.
Krish Naik: Do you see?
Krish Naik: Metadata? See link, title, see image? Also, it has got this this Fab Icon. Also, it has basically got it right.
Krish Naik: Do you see this? Everyone, yes or no?
Krish Naik: Yes or no. And again, it is a type of document.
Krish Naik: It is extracting the content. See, it has come up with title, everything right.
Krish Naik: It has come up with a title. It has come up with different different things and all okay.
Krish Naik: Now the question rises, Krish, are we able to see if you probably go ahead and see in the page source
Krish Naik: you pay source
Krish Naik: in the pay source. There may be scenario that you also want to specifically target any class
Krish Naik: you want to probably go ahead and target any kind of
Krish Naik: class itself. Let's say I want to target this class anchor. I want to target some other class. Let's say that I also have one more blog. Let's say I will go ahead and show it to you, just know.
Krish Naik: So if I just go ahead and execute this.
Krish Naik: I go ahead and see in the page source. Now in the page source, you will be able to see that
Krish Naik: I have different different classes that I may require. Okay, so these all are my different different content that is basically available. Let's say that I go ahead and search for post
Krish Naik: title. Let's say that I want to extract this title separately.
Krish Naik: I want to go ahead and extract my header separately. Okay, so here you can see post title, is there? So what I will do, I will quickly go ahead and write something like this. See? Now.
Krish Naik: you'll be able to see this.
Krish Naik: See, this is my web web path, and here I can provide my additional argument
Krish Naik: where I am going to use this Bs 4 dot soup strainer, which will be targeting a specific class. Let's say, post title, post content post header. Okay, this 3 only information. I really want to target. I want to target only specific things. Okay, so I can
Krish Naik: provide those parameter within this particular thing right? I want my title, I want my content. I want my header. So once I do this, and if you probably go ahead and see over here, loader dot load.
Krish Naik: and if I see my document.
Krish Naik: and if I just go ahead and implement my document, do you see all this specific information I'm getting see?
Krish Naik: Before the source had so many different information. But here now we are focusing on title, on content and on my header.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Clear, sir, will it work for a public pages? Yes, public pages. It will definitely work, because there.
Krish Naik: their web scrapping is not strained. That basically means web scrapping is not blocked
Krish Naik: nowadays. People have done so amazing where different web scrapping tools you know, in in one of the project that I was currently doing. You know, we we entirely scrapped the aw sorry Amazon data itself, you know, even though it blocked usually blocked before. But now we are just doing that with the help of AI agents. Okay.
Krish Naik: clear everybody.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Krish, is it possible to pass? Verify is equal to false to avoid Ssl issue. Just try it out.
Krish Naik: Let's try it out. Why? Class? Because this specific class is a attribute where we are targeting only the class content that we want.
Krish Naik: So I want the content that is inside this particular class. That is post title in my view. Paste source. See post title. Then there may be post header. Also.
Krish Naik: see? Post header.
Krish Naik: Right? So I want, I'm basically targeting this specific class.
Krish Naik: Okay, what is this? Bs arguments like, what
Krish Naik: web scrapping technique are we using right? So we are using this Bs 4 dot soup strainer.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: clear.
Krish Naik: there are some websites which will block scrapping. So at that point of time you need to find out a different way. Cycharan. This class is a kind of parameter where we are specifying the classes by sun. Lawyer. 100 times I've told it now.
Krish Naik: Huh?
Krish Naik: Why? Why? Why why class underscore but 100 times is asking the same question. Why? But I've told it, you know, 100 times. Now.
Krish Naik: this is basically provided as a parameter where I'm passing my class name, where I need to focus on the content to be scrapped.
Krish Naik: This is the kind of scrapping technique that we're using. Say, if I if I remove this, no, by default, it will scrap each and everything.
Krish Naik: But here I wanted to specify some of the custom classes. Right? So that is the reason we can provide that in this particular parameter.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: clear. Everyone.
Krish Naik: Have you heard about this website called as Arsif.
Krish Naik: Have you heard about this website?
Krish Naik: It has almost all the research papers.
Krish Naik: Now suppose let's say that you want all the research papers, information or any research paper information I can use. Rsif loader directly.
Krish Naik: See here, I'm using Rc. Loader.
Krish Naik: I'm giving a query for the research paper name.
Krish Naik: and I'm saying, Hey, try to maximum load 2 documents.
Krish Naik: and when we write dot load I will just go ahead and find out all the documents. So if I just go ahead and see the documents.
Krish Naik: it is saying that, hey? 1st of all, it's an error. Please install Rsif, so if this kind of error comes, what I need to do, I need to go ahead and write something like this.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And then I will go over here. I'll open my terminal.
Krish Naik: and then I will go ahead and write tip install minus r requirement dot txt.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Now here, you can see that.
Krish Naik: Why I have given this query parameter like this. See if I search for this, what will basically come? Co.
Krish Naik: what is this attention is all you need. Do you see this this code?
Krish Naik: Yes, Rajesh Patnai, we can also scrap Twitter.
Krish Naik: I already told you whatever things you want to scrap, just go and find that in the document loader.
Krish Naik: and you'll be able to do it right. So once I give this particular code.
Krish Naik: then what you'll be able to see that attention is all you need is coming right. So don't you think the information that I'm trying to find out over here? I should be getting attention is all you need.
Krish Naik: Wait.
Krish Naik: This is installed.
Krish Naik: Okay, I have to also install pipe. Mu. Pdf, okay. Pi, mu pdf, for this there's a dependencies.
Krish Naik: One more error was there by new. Pdf, so we are going to install that perfect.
Krish Naik: Now let's see whether this will work or not.
Krish Naik: So now it is basically extracting from this Rsif loader. Let's see whether it will work or not.
Krish Naik: taking so much of time.
Krish Naik: Do you see, attention is all you need?
Krish Naik: No.
Krish Naik: Do you see this same research paper.
Krish Naik: Max? To Max? You can only load 2 documents. But right now we have just got only one document, because one is only matching right?
Krish Naik: See, isn't this good?
Krish Naik: It has found out all the information. Who are the authors? Everything. See?
Krish Naik: Summary of the document.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Make sense, everybody, yes or no.
Krish Naik: So our save again, this can also be used as a tool right in the tool, in the form of a tool. We can probably go ahead and load it, and we can directly use it.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, guys, sky's the limit.
Krish Naik: Your assignment will be that, at least, for try to find out 5 to 6 different types of
Krish Naik: different different things. Right? Let's try to go ahead and do it with Csv file. So if you go to Csv file. Have one Csv file and try to load it and see how the content is basically loading. Now see customizing Cv parsing and loading. Here, you can use different different delimiters. You can select field names, and you can just directly load it
Krish Naik: right. Specify a column to identify the document source. Just go ahead and do it right.
Krish Naik: See over unstructured Csv. Loader. If you have an unstructured Csv. File that also, you'll be able to load it
Krish Naik: in the form of HTML. See.
Krish Naik: see table data. Many people were saying, No, what happens if we have a table data, see?
Krish Naik: You'll be able to get it in the form of table.
Krish Naik: Interesting? Right?
Krish Naik: Yes or no.
Krish Naik: Interesting.
Krish Naik: Let me show you one more
Krish Naik: Rsif loader is there? Do we have Wikipedia Loader?
Krish Naik: So for Wikipedia we can again go ahead and import Wikipedia. Loader.
Krish Naik: Query, generative AI load, Max documents, and you can also retrieve directly content from Wikipedia again, it will tell you to install Wikipedia.
Krish Naik: Go ahead and import it in the requirement dot txt.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: And just go ahead and do the installation.
Krish Naik: Wikipedia done.
Krish Naik: Now just go ahead and execute this. Unless and until it does not require anything, it will not give you an error.
Krish Naik: Got the information in the Wikipedia
Krish Naik: for a specific text loader won't work for Wikipedia. No. So text loader is for dot txt file.
Krish Naik: Pdf. Loader is for dot. Pdf, file right for every different file. There is a different parsing techniques.
Krish Naik: Yeah, Majaya, everyone.
Krish Naik: Now, sky's the limit.
Krish Naik: Okay, sky is the limit.
Krish Naik: Okay, just go ahead and try anything that you want.
Krish Naik: Clear.
Krish Naik: How is the session till now? Everyone. Now, the next step is that we'll go towards chunking.
Krish Naik: Great, amazing.
Krish Naik: So this part that you will be seeing with respect to document loader. We have seen multiple examples.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: multiple examples. You can also write a simple python code to extract things. See? Before I worked on one of the project in 2,014
Krish Naik: there for working with Pdf, I had to write all the custom codes.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: But now things have become very, very simple, very, very easy.
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: Is this Wikipedia loading only one document? If it is able to only find one document, it will just load that.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, shall we go to the next step? Text? Splitter?
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: Shall we go ahead to the next steps? Text later. So let me just go ahead and make one file. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now see again, Langchain. See, one problem with Langchain is that the documentation? Is not that clear? If you know all the topics, then it becomes very clear. Okay, so if I just go ahead and light Langchain text splitter.
Krish Naik: Now with respect to Langchain text splitter, if I just go ahead and search for it. Here, you see.
Krish Naik: it is version point 3.
Krish Naik: How many different text splitting techniques are basically there.
Krish Naik: If you just go ahead and see over here there is based on language
Krish Naik: there is based on see based on language. Also textpliter. Is there right?
Krish Naik: Then there is something like token tax splitter.
Krish Naik: Then there is something like Tokenizer. Then you also have character. HTML,
Krish Naik: right? You have so many different text splitters.
Krish Naik: Okay, see, over here also, you have length based approach, right character, text, splitter
Krish Naik: text structure, based recursive character, text, splitter document structure, based
Krish Naik: semantic meaning based so many different techniques are basically there.
Krish Naik: So now we will try to go ahead and learn about what exactly
Krish Naik: how we can basically do. Text splitter 3 important techniques. I'm going to show you.
Krish Naik: And that will actually help you to go ahead and explore any number of different types of techniques. Okay.
Krish Naik: so now let me just go ahead and create my second folder
Krish Naik: again. This should be inside my Langchain basics, 2.2,
Krish Naik: Rajendra. I'm able to see everybody's question
Krish Naik: again. Please focus on the session. We will clear your doubts in the doubt. Cleaning session. Okay.
Krish Naik: The thing is that I don't want anybody to get disturbed. Okay, I can see everybody's question. But
Krish Naik: I know the complexity of the question that you're asking. If it is a simple question, I will not entertain it. If it is very complex that you're asking, I will try to repeat it. If many of you will basically ask, okay.
Krish Naik: this all are very simple thing right now. You have just started. If you do not have some. See the question that I'm asking, that you are asking if it is already there in the prerequisites, then we are not going to focus on it because we will allow you to talk in the doubt clearing sessions. Again, I'm telling you, okay.
Krish Naik: so let me just go ahead and focus on the session itself.
Krish Naik: So the 1st one is nothing but recursive recursive text
Krish Naik: split up.
Krish Naik: Okay, recursive textplatter, dot IP. Ynb.
Krish Naik: now, why do we require text? Splitter.
Krish Naik: John John Bella says, how many of us are in the session? 100 K people don't worry about it again.
Krish Naik: Okay, why do we specifically use recursive text later.
Krish Naik: as I said, see over here, right after loading a specific document loading the content of a document we need to do. It is always a good idea that we split those document into chunks.
Krish Naik: Yes or no.
Krish Naik: We split those document into chunks. Now, when we are splitting this into chunks, why do we? Why do we split this into chunks? So that the further step, when we are trying to do any task?
Krish Naik: Okay, here, we are basically going to provide it as a context, right? And this chunks I cannot just provide the entire document to my Llm. Model. Right? As a context, it is better that we make some kind of search from the vector database and then provide that information in the context. Right? So context, length is one of the most common thing. With respect to Llm. It is one kind of restriction. You can say
Krish Naik: so. It is necessary that whenever you try to get any output from the Llm.
Krish Naik: our main aim is that we need to provide the right kind of context, right?
Krish Naik: So what we can basically do is that we can do the text splitter. Now see one very important information, guys. One more reason why we do the text splitter. Okay, once we do the text splitter, we get chunks right? Where do we store these chunks?
Krish Naik: Where do we store these chunks.
Krish Naik: this chunks? Where do we store it?
Krish Naik: Can I say in some kind of vector database
Krish Naik: in some kind of vector database. See, here is my Llm.
Krish Naik: This Llm is waiting for some context.
Krish Naik: Yes, it is waiting for some context.
Krish Naik: Do you think I should provide all the chunks to this Llm as a context.
Krish Naik: no, right? So what we do, we 1st of all query, this vector dB,
Krish Naik: we based on the semantic search.
Krish Naik: we get only those necessary context.
Krish Naik: we get only those necessary context based on the such, the search keyword, yes or no.
Krish Naik: And once we give that particular context, the Llm. Will be able to provide you better. Response
Krish Naik: is, this is a better approach, or the 1st one. I provide all the chances instead of using vector dB, or let's say, even though I have stored in the vector dB, I remove all the content. See, guys, you are. You have used Mongodb, you have used sequel right
Krish Naik: in Mongodb, SQL. What you do based on a specific query. You get a specific information which is required at a time. Right
Krish Naik: now, let's say, if I've opened amazon.in initially, I'll be getting some kind of information right related to what all products are available. Right?
Krish Naik: Just imagine the whole entire database of Amazon if I try to load it in the page, what will happen?
Krish Naik: Yeah, make sense, make sense, yes or no.
Krish Naik: So now we are going to probably go ahead and see that how to probably go ahead and work with recursive character. Text split up.
Krish Naik: Now, what exactly recursive character textplicator is.
Krish Naik: I have written some kind of okay.
Krish Naik: see? Semantic search basically means based on a specific query. See how the search basically happens in a vector, dB,
Krish Naik: if this is my vector dB, can anybody tell me how a
Krish Naik: search will basically happen? Let's say, if this is my vector dB,
Krish Naik: how specific search will happen. See, initially, when I have a document loader, I will load the documents.
Krish Naik: I would divide in this into chunks
Krish Naik: after dividing into chunks. Each and every chunk will be you. We will be using
Krish Naik: a vector embedding technique. What is vector embedding
Krish Naik: what is vector embedding vector embedding is nothing but converting text to vectors right?
Krish Naik: And then the next step will be that we will try to store this vector embedding into a vector dB, right? So this is with respect to data that we really want to save into the vector dB,
Krish Naik: now, the next thing is that whenever a user asks any query.
Krish Naik: ask any query, then what will happen? The 1st step is that this query with the same embedding vector will be converted into embeddings.
Krish Naik: Yeah. And then the embeddings will go to the vector dB,
Krish Naik: right? Based on these vector embeddings. Here semantic search will happen.
Krish Naik: What is semantic search internally, have you heard about cosine similarity, search.
Krish Naik: cosine similarity. Search right? So, based on this particular search, I will be getting the output.
Krish Naik: This output is nothing but my context making sense.
Krish Naik: Yes, yes, we will. We will do all this kind of vector search and all also in our syllabus. Okay.
Krish Naik: yeah.
Krish Naik: this semantic search is nothing but based on this embeddings. We will try to do the search on this. Vector dB, right? Let's say, one of the embedding is something like this, 0 point 2.4 point 6
Krish Naik: right. So here also all my embeddings will be saved in the form of embeddings. Only right, all my chunks will be saved, saved in the form of embeddings. Now, let's say, based on this particular search, my 2 records have got matched, which is based on the cosine similarity search, or based on the semantic search. Right? Then, I'm going to probably get this 2 records in the form of context.
Krish Naik: Yeah, make sense, yes or no.
Krish Naik: Yeah. Perfect Majara. Everybody is learning properly.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: yeah. It tries to make them so. It tries to make the match the near to match, you know. So for that again. Again, I tell you, guys, see, all this, stuffs are built on basic things right?
Krish Naik: If you don't know what is tfidf, what is bag of words, what is vector embeddings? You'll not be able to know right when I'm saying vector embeddings. Because I'm considering that you know at least some of the prerequisites. I'm in this field teaching from past how many years, 8, 9 years! I'm so much lucky that I've covered everything from the basics.
Krish Naik: if you if you like. Let's say that if you have 10 days now, you say, Krish, teach me everything from starting from Nlp. Everything and all. I'm also ready to do that. You know, we we can learn in that. And we should always learn in that way so that your knowledge becomes very strong.
Krish Naik: Okay? But again, because of time, constraint. I will not be able to take it, as you all know. Also, right?
Krish Naik: Okay. Now, text splitting from documents, recursive character text splitter.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: The text splitter is the recommended one for a generic text. It is parameterized by a list of characters. It tries to split the text in order until the chunks are small enough.
Krish Naik: The default list is slash in, slash, in slash, in blank space.
Krish Naik: right? So on a new line it will try to divide the
Krish Naik: chunk on our space, it will try to divide a chunk.
Krish Naik: This has the effect to try to keep all paragraphs and sentences, and then words together as long as possible.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: And those who generally seem to be strongest, semantically related pieces of text, how the text is split by list of characters, how the chunk size is measured by number of characters. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, recursive character text splitter basically means that you are trying to split the chunks
Krish Naik: by using some of the parameters. These parameters are new line
Krish Naik: slash. N is also there. Blank is also there, and this is also there.
Krish Naik: This has the effect of trying to keep all the parameters, words, sentences as long as possible.
Krish Naik: how the text is split by list of characters, how the chunk size is measured by number of characters. So by using this, all parameters, the splitting will basically happen. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, let's go ahead and do this. Everyone.
Krish Naik: Yeah, yes. Shall we?
Krish Naik: Everybody know how to read a document. Right?
Krish Naik: So let's say that I read a pi. Pdf, okay, syllabus dot. Pdf.
Krish Naik: hmm, let me just put all these files inside this once again.
Krish Naik: Okay, now see, I'll read this.
Krish Naik: So everybody done, you can read this right
Krish Naik: now, let's see how we can
Krish Naik: recursively split text by character for all these documents. Okay.
Krish Naik: now for this. 1st of all, I have to probably go ahead and import a library. So I will write from Langchain.
Krish Naik: Underscore text, underscore splitters, import recursive character text split up recursive character, text printer.
Krish Naik: Now in recursive characters, textplaiter.
Krish Naik: The 1st thing that I require
Krish Naik: is nothing but chunk size.
Krish Naik: What is chunk size?
Krish Naik: Tell me
Krish Naik: number of characters that it needs to make a split on? Okay?
Krish Naik: Then there is another parameter which is called as chunk overlap.
Krish Naik: What is chunk overlap
Krish Naik: what is chunk overlap? See if I'm making 2 chunks. There can be a overlap of
Krish Naik: characters right? Since we are making the split based on slash, n, slash, double N, it can also be a blank. So we are making a split based on this right by a list of characters. Now there may be scenario that there may be that once we are making the 1st 500 character split right? I may take the last 50 characters, and again I can start with the second one.
Krish Naik: so that the awareness, the chunk awareness for those things are very good, and the context well, when we do a semantic search, it will be able to provide us a better information. Okay, so here what we are basically doing. See.
Krish Naik: let's say.
Krish Naik: this is one of the chunk. Okay, so let's say, this is one of the chunk of 500.
Krish Naik: The second chunk will have some kind of overlap like this.
Krish Naik: Some kind of overlap and this overlap chunk
Krish Naik: will be available in both this particular documents. Make sense.
Krish Naik: Yes, yes, yeah, perfect. Now, the next step will be that we will go ahead and write final underscore
Krish Naik: documents.
Krish Naik: Is it called to text underscore, splitter, dot split underscore documents.
Krish Naik: And here I have my docs.
Krish Naik: Final underscore documents text. Splitter is not defined. Okay, I have to use this variable over here.
Krish Naik: Now, do you see all this splitting has happened?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: And in order to verify right, see over here, see, let me show you.
Krish Naik: Let me do one thing.
Krish Naik: I'll write final. Doc, you
Krish Naik: I'll go in and see the 1st one. Okay, so in the 1st one, I have this, all data
Krish Naik: and the page. Content is basically there.
Krish Naik: Syllabus. Pdf, looks good.
Krish Naik: Let me just go ahead and see. For the first.st
Krish Naik: I'm just trying to see whether there is some overlap or not
Krish Naik: condition
Krish Naik: somewhere the overlap of sentences will be the courses designed for aspiring machine. Again, you'll have the solid foundation
Krish Naik: for data analyst task.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Krish Naik: Conference, too.
Krish Naik: Apply, for
Krish Naik: we'll add it and create compelling.
Krish Naik: Okay, docs.
Krish Naik: Okay, one thing that I'm able to see over here.
Krish Naik: I'll just try to increase this plot just a second
Krish Naik: learning and do our thumb and deploy.
Krish Naik: And
Krish Naik: by the end of the course the line has overlapped. Yes, that. Only I'm trying to check. Okay.
Krish Naik: I will learn the applications off.
Krish Naik: See?
Krish Naik: The proper overlapping is done over here. See?
Krish Naik: Okay, just you observe the solid statements
Krish Naik: and solid is repeating, you'll be able to see over here. Okay, just check it out. Okay?
Krish Naik: Great.
Krish Naik: I'm just trying to see whether all solid is repeating, yeah.
Krish Naik: Morning ding, ding, okay, perfect. Now see why? Why, what happens if this overlapping is happening? Just see.
Krish Naik: whenever I make a vector, search. Now, okay, just imagine over here
Krish Naik: whenever I make a vector dB, search, don't you think
Krish Naik: from one query I will be able to extract this 2 chunks
Krish Naik: if there is a match in this region.
Krish Naik: Yes, on.
Krish Naik: Just imagine, there is a match in one of the reason, and there is a match in another region, so I will be able to get 2 chunks as my context into the vector database. And this is like accurate chunks, because there may be some information here. There may be some information here, and we can summarize this information from both of these chunks.
Krish Naik: I hope you are able to understand the entire thing right.
Krish Naik: Isn't it good or not.
Krish Naik: Right? And that is the reason we specifically do chunking. Okay.
Krish Naik: perfect. Let's go to the next step.
Krish Naik: You can also print something like this.
Krish Naik: See over here. We can also print it like this print, final document of 0 and all. And here also, you'll be able to see this.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: what is the percentage of overlap of the chunks. Max, to Max. 1,000 character 100 characters that I have written over here.
Krish Naik: Okay, that many number of characters may get overlapped.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, shall we try one more one more? What to say?
Krish Naik: Shall we try something like us from now? This. See? This was with respect to Pdf, right? Can we do it for text loader also?
Krish Naik: Yeah, yes.
Krish Naik: See from Langchain, underscore community dot document loader text loader speech text. And this is my speech text. Okay, so this is my entire speech text.
Krish Naik: Now, what I will be doing is that I will try to load this entire speech. Okay.
Krish Naik: what I have done over here. Can anybody tell me with open speech, dot text as F. I'm reading this text file.
Krish Naik: And then I'm doing recursive character text. Splitter 100 chunk size overlap is 20, and we are creating the documents based on this particular speech. Right? And then we can also go ahead and print like this.
Krish Naik: See over here overlapping, do you see? Very clearly.
Krish Naik: Foundation of foundation of
Krish Naik: yeah.
Krish Naik: So this is with respect to this one.
Krish Naik: Now, sky's the limit. Guys go ahead and try different different files. Try to see each and everything that you really want.
Krish Naik: It is up to you. Okay.
Krish Naik: watch the documentation, check the documentation and do it. Okay?
Krish Naik: So this was with respect to recursive character text later.
Krish Naik: Now, shall we go ahead and try character text splitter?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: what is the best practice of chunk overlap? See, Chunk, overlap is just whenever you see whatever we do right, try to create a chunk size of 1,000 to 5,000. Try to do the overlap of 100 to 200 text.
Krish Naik: That is always good. Okay, it is more of a hidden trial. Guys. Okay, see character text splitter.
Krish Naik: Is there any performance issue? If you make the overlap 0 salman Ari, come on, common sense. See? Guys.
Krish Naik: tell me if there is no overlap. What will be the problem?
Krish Naik: Common sense come on.
Krish Naik: Will we be able to provide a good context from a vector, dB to the Llm?
Krish Naik: There may be some of the context missing. Right? Just imagine, I'm asking a query.
Krish Naik: There are some information that is available here. There's some information that is available here.
Krish Naik: The context to give a better summary is required from both this.
Krish Naik: Tell me if I don't do overlapping either I'll get this context or either. I'll get this context right.
Krish Naik: So I have taught this stuff right now. I've done this so easy diagrams. I'm drawing and explaining you.
Krish Naik: But still so many times. I'm repeating things. Okay?
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: in the case of character, text splitter. This is the simplest method. The split is based on a sequence. Okay.
Krish Naik: which defaults to.
Krish Naik: Okay, one more question, what is overlap is very near to chunk size. What would that be effective? Yes, partial. This is just an example that I've given for 50, 20, and all you can. You can keep it for 1,000. You can keep it for 1,500. Okay.
Krish Naik: here, just for an example. I've shown you how this is the overlap that is basically happening. Now, just imagine, if I'm searching any related to foundation, I will be able to get this context. Also, I'll be able to get this context also
Krish Naik: right to the Llm. Try to understand.
Krish Naik: what is so much very difficult out here.
Krish Naik: Hmm.
Krish Naik: 0 Kardo Bhatum 0 Kardo. Don't learn this. Make it 0. Make the chunk overlap to 0. Okay for you. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, how to split by character. Text splitter. This is the simplest method. This split method is based on a given character sequence which defaults to slash and slash. And
Krish Naik: so in this, in character text splitter. We just split character sequences based on this right
Krish Naik: chunk length is measured by number of characters.
Krish Naik: How the text is split
Krish Naik: I'll disable the chat here people are becoming.
Krish Naik: how the text is split by single character. Separator, how the chunk side is measured by the number of characters.
Krish Naik: Okay, so here you will be able to see that
Krish Naik: if I want to use a character text splitter. See.
Krish Naik: I can use something like this. There will be a separator.
Krish Naik: and then you can use a chunk size, and then you can also use a chunk overlap. Okay?
Krish Naik: And when we are doing the splitting, you can see that with respect to the documents, you can actually do the splitting. Okay.
Krish Naik: you can actually do the splitting.
Krish Naik: So here, you can see, created a chunk of 4 70, which is longer than the specified 100,
Krish Naik: created a chunk of 347, which is longer than the specified 100,
Krish Naik: created a chunk of 6, 6, 8,
Krish Naik: which is longer than specified 100.
Krish Naik: Now, what is basically happening wherever this separator is basically coming, only the split is happening there.
Krish Naik: Right? So if you probably see over here
Krish Naik: you'll be able to see that now. I'm getting longer sentences because I did not have that slash and slash and everywhere, right? Yes or no.
Krish Naik: yes or no, everyone right? So I hope you are able to understand this. Now let me know whether you understood this or not.
Krish Naik: because here we are focusing on
Krish Naik: tanmoy, optimal chunk size. Again I'm repeating it. It is much more of an experimentation. Please experiment with your mind
Krish Naik: with their use cases.
Krish Naik: If there is an experimentation, you can do that experimentation, keep it 100 200 300 400 500,
Krish Naik: 600 700 800 900,000. Okay.
Krish Naik: okay, so here, your chunk size is basically getting overlap. The reason is that here we are focusing more on a separator.
Krish Naik: Okay?
Krish Naik: So based on a separator. Your split is basically happening and based on that, you should be able to get your content.
Krish Naik: Does this make sense?
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: if this character is within this particular chunk size, then, so you can just understand that this all will get applied in the secondary or tertiary manner. Right
Krish Naik: perfect.
Krish Naik: So this is with respect to the character text, split up. Okay.
Krish Naik: Now, similarly, you can also go ahead and apply the same thing for the speech that we had
Krish Naik: right? So here you can see same thing. We are able to get right. Let's see, whether there is any overlap. There is no overlap. Also see
Krish Naik: freedom of nations, faith and the freedom, just because we fight with rankle right
Krish Naik: clear.
Krish Naik: perfect.
Krish Naik: So this is with respect to the characteristics splitter. There is also something called as HTML text splitter.
Krish Naik: HTML text split up.
Krish Naik: not HTML text splitter is what? Just by the name. Can you say that? What is HTML text splitter
Krish Naik: just by the name.
Krish Naik: Just by the name. What do you think the HTML textpliter is?
Krish Naik: How to split by HTML headers. HTML. Text splitter is a structure of a chunker that splits text at the HTML element level and adds metadata for each header relevant to any given chunk.
Krish Naik: Okay, it can return chunk element by element, or combine elements with the metadata and all and all and all right. So best example. If I just go ahead and give it to you. Let's say that I will take a
Krish Naik: sample. HTML,
Krish Naik: okay, so do you see this? This can I say, 1st of all, I've imported from Langshin underscore text, underscore, splitter import. HTML text splitter
Krish Naik: I have. This is my entire HTML string.
Krish Naik: Now see.
Krish Naik: I have created a list of what all tags I need to split on right? So this will be h. 1 tag. I've written the name header, one h, 2, tag header, 2 h, 3, tag header 3. Okay? And I'm just using HTML head taker, text splitters. And I'm giving this particular list over here. And then we are going to split this particular string. Okay.
Krish Naik: Do you see this now.
Krish Naik: header one? Wherever there was h 1 i got header one as Foo Co. a. h 1 foo
Krish Naik: right then, wherever I had headed to see over Foo Foo foo foo header one. All the information that I've actually got.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: Then, second one is that some intro text about Foo.
Krish Naik: One more actually, one is somewhere here.
Krish Naik: I've got this information right where there is header 2. See after header, one header to bar main section.
Krish Naik: Then, after header 2. You also have header 3. So like this, you are able to quickly get all the text with respect to the header.
Krish Naik: Make sense, make sense.
Krish Naik: Yeah, isn't it amazing?
Krish Naik: So any complicated in nested conditions also? Yes.
Krish Naik: everything. You are able to find it out.
Krish Naik: How can I add custom, meta data into splitters.
Krish Naik: Custom, metadata. Again. You have to go ahead and write your own code for that. Right
Krish Naik: after you get this information, you just go ahead and iterate because it is a, it is, it is specifically a list. Go ahead and write your own code and add things. Okay, it's more about parsing these things right?
Krish Naik: So here you can see recursively how it has basically done. See initially, when it read this, it made this one separately, then it combined this 2 separately. Right? Then it combined this 3 separately.
Krish Naik: So like this, all this recursively, it is basically doing.
Krish Naik: Yep.
Krish Naik: One more thing is there last which I really want to try it out. Is this one?
Krish Naik: Will you do this as a assignment?
Krish Naik: Go ahead and explore about Jason Json. Recursive split data, recursive. Json splitter.
Krish Naik: Okay, I will just give some code. You can just go ahead and try it out.
Krish Naik: So this is my Api, some Json file in the form of Json itself. This is my Json data. You can see over here.
Krish Naik: right from Apis. We may be getting different different Json data. Okay, I, I have this Json file over here, Openai Json.
Krish Naik: And here you can see all in the form of key value pairs.
Krish Naik: Just try it out. Okay, I'll just copy and paste the code. You can just go ahead and explore things.
Krish Naik: So Json underscore chunks.
Krish Naik: We will also be able to read the Json data.
Krish Naik: See over here efficiently.
Krish Naik: How was the session till here, guys, was it good, bad, interesting.
Krish Naik: How is my teaching way? See this 2. We have completed document loaders, text splitter
Krish Naik: the theory part, I hope everybody understood.
Krish Naik: Did I go very fast? One person is saying that I went fast, but did I?
Krish Naik: If I if I had to go fast now I can complete everything till here.
Krish Naik: That much fast I can go.
Krish Naik: I've just covered this, too.
Krish Naik: in covering this, too, you're saying it is fast, and when we'll cover all these things right
Krish Naik: if I do fast. No, you tell me I can complete generative AI syllabus in a week time.
Krish Naik: If if you are in that manner with respect to speed, you know you don't know in what speed we do the development.
Krish Naik: you know, I think teaching. That is the reason our session goes for 3 to 4 h right? Because at the end of the day, if your fundamentals are strong.
Krish Naik: then everything is strong, don't you? Don't require anything else?
Krish Naik: Hmm, fundamental needs to be very, very strong right?
Krish Naik: And nowadays, guys, I'm not seeing you all posting anything for your brand building. And all right, I don't see any information that you're learning. You're posting. You're doing these things. Only some of the people that I've seen. You're also not active in the feeds.
Krish Naik: You're not posting your work.
Krish Naik: I don't know what you will do. Okay.
Krish Naik: you have to post. Do make sure to tag me show that I share it with everyone. I put some good comments. If the content is good, you know, if you're not doing that, trust me, I'll tell you guys, it is very difficult right now. Competition is everywhere.
Krish Naik: People companies are focusing on
Krish Naik: not only those things. See, I work with. How many companies. Do you know, I work with aws, I work with Nvidia. I work with Tri. I work with different different companies to they come and probably take a review of their products. They say they ask for suggestions and all why they are coming to me.
Krish Naik: because I've made sure to have built my brand here. I don't have to probably work in weekdays. If I work for 2 to 3 h my whole day work is done.
Krish Naik: Do you want this kind of life. Or do you want continuously development? I have to probably do development for 24 h. Just imagine, for 4 to 5 h. You know how much consultant work charges I make, I take, do you know, just
Krish Naik: just to give an idea for 4 to 5 h. You know what is the basic charge that I take
Krish Naik: 1,200 per hour
Krish Naik: just to make a 15 min video, I take how much you know. If any company wants to give me a promotion just any imagination. 15 min. Video
Krish Naik: RAM says one lakh $20,000. $20,000 is too much. I I clearly see my my basic. If I want to do any promotions of anything, any companies, right? I usually take 3 to $4,000 only for 15 min. Video.
Krish Naik: isn't it, good or bad. Tell me
Krish Naik: why I am able to do this right, because it is very simple for me, because I made sure that I built my brand, that people know who Krish is. Right?
Krish Naik: So this is really important. You all have to focus on building yourself
Krish Naik: right unless and until you build, you don't build yourself. It will not be of any good thing right at the end of how much you really want to work right.
Krish Naik: Otherwise you'll keep on working. You'll keep on learning things
Krish Naik: people should know. Hey, you are the guy who can do anything in generative AI. I'll tell you right now in consultant work just to create a simple rag
Krish Naik: and to suggest ideas how to implement rag. People are paying huge amount of money
Krish Naik: just in the form of consultant.
Krish Naik: I I get calls from companies, from Abu Dhabi Dubai. I get come. I get calls from people from us and all they just want to have and understand how they can implement this. Recently we also had a call with Singapore team with one of the companies.
Krish Naik: Is this good or bad? Tell me, and that is the reason
Krish Naik: I'm telling you that focus more on this kind of things.
Krish Naik: There is a lot of work if you do something very, very nicely, very, very properly, very, very in a way that none of you, none of the other people, can probably do it, you know. Then you are basically the best guy
Krish Naik: companies will come to you. Everybody will come to you. People will come and ask you suggestions.
Krish Naik: Right? So this is really important for you all to understand.
Krish Naik: See, from the coaching side. From this side, where we take this kind of live classes, we don't make much money.
Krish Naik: but parallelly. We are building a team where we are building products. We are. We are doing this kind of consultancy work. And all right.
Krish Naik: The best part is that many of you
Krish Naik: from a previous from a previous batch. They are working with us right now, you know, and from your batch also I will be selecting some candidates directly
Krish Naik: where we will be using you.
Krish Naik: We'll be paying you also that it's not like you will be only using. You will be paying you based on your capability.
Krish Naik: Right? So this is really important, guys, if you don't keep on sharing knowledge. If you don't focus on your brand building, I'm telling you it will not add more values in your life. I'll tell you that because you need to take care of your family, you don't have any other way.
Krish Naik: You don't have to probably be dependent on anyone.
Krish Naik: And then, once you have that brand right, the company will also start valuing. You make sense, everyone.
Krish Naik: Yes, inspiring. This is just my 5 min talk.
Krish Naik: And similarly, you know the last company. What I had a package.
Krish Naik: Do do you know any guesses
Krish Naik: last company? What package I had. I'll I'll tell you this also.
Krish Naik: 7 crores. No company will give you 7 crores per annum here.
Krish Naik: It was 1.5 cr. Okay.
Krish Naik: 1.5 cr, right now. Also, I can go ahead and retire. RAM, say.
Krish Naik: but I don't want to, because I know that the kind of knowledge that I am probably providing you all right. It can build similar people like me
Krish Naik: tens or hundreds of people like me.
Krish Naik: right? And I want that specific thing to happen with you. All right.
Krish Naik: See.
Krish Naik: there is a very good saying that at the end of the day it's your growth that matters. You have to take care of that.
Krish Naik: You have to make sure that you keep on working on those things.
Krish Naik: Did you mention 1.5? Yes, my salary. My previous salary was 1.5 cr. Now, I don't take salary because I work for my company. I don't take salaries. Okay.
Krish Naik: so this is how things happen. And why? That salary was a little bit high. Because I neuron, had got merged with Pw, okay, I was working basically for Pw for some time.
Krish Naik: Why, that salary was high, because they understand your value. What you can basically do in a company. And all
Krish Naik: right.
Krish Naik: see my company. Company vision is very good, very, very simple, right? I am planning to create a product
Krish Naik: in a very affordable way. People should be able to use it right.
Krish Naik: And if I talk about.
Krish Naik: With respect to teaching right, my main aim is to teach in such a way that anybody who comes for the interview, you know they should be able to clear it. You know
Krish Naik: there are many, many candidates who go for the interviewer. The interviewer have also learned from us right.
Krish Naik: because the interviewer had probably messaged me directly. This is the candidate who came from a company, and we have hired him
Krish Naik: right.
Krish Naik: Sandeep. I have just taken 5 min. See, Sandeep is saying that it is a waste of time. You're saying same thing again and again. Okay, okay, if you feel waste of time, I will not talk about this again and again.
Krish Naik: and I will not probably talk. Will related to this and all. Okay, but anyhow, let's go ahead and take a break.
Krish Naik: Till then I will just go ahead and share this particular file.
Krish Naik: I know Santeep type is very important, you know, without this time, like he will
Krish Naik: data ingestion data transformation to 2 different files. I will try to provide it to you.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: data ingestion is done.
Krish Naik: Oh, oh, oh, oh.
Krish Naik: yeah, I don't know
Krish Naik: some guys I am. I'm very sad with Sandeep. Okay? So because people will say, to tell all this stuff.
Krish Naik: But okay, no worries.
Krish Naik: If you don't want. He's saying that you're wasting my time. Wow.
Krish Naik: okay, so guys, if you go ahead and extract this. So inside this, everything, you'll be able to get data ingestion, all the specific files and all. Okay.
Krish Naik: I will share this file to you.
Krish Naik: Have you got the file?
Krish Naik: And I will also share this thing.
Krish Naik: This is my 5th session.
Krish Naik: And here I will write text luncheon line graph.
Krish Naik: Okay, perfect.
Krish Naik: So let's take let's take a break of 15 min.
Krish Naik: and then once we come back.
Krish Naik: But yeah, one specific assignment that you really need to do is related to all these things. That is, text splitters and all. Please make sure that you go ahead and explore other things right? Like text loaders. What are the different different text loaders? Just try to do it with multiple examples. Document loaders. Go ahead and see each and everything, whatever things we have actually seen and try to go ahead and do that. Okay, so that would be my suggestion.
Krish Naik: I'll take a 15 min break.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: I have shared the files in the zip file. Just go ahead and take it. And I've also shared this.
Krish Naik: Pdf, also. Okay.
Krish Naik: it is getting loaded. Don't worry now. I think you should be able to see it
Krish Naik: clear.
Krish Naik: So have you got it? Just a second.
Krish Naik: I'll pause this.
Krish Naik: Have you got this file? Or do you want in the Google drive?
Krish Naik: Got it right?
Krish Naik: Yeah, again. I'll send it to you.
Krish Naik: Okay, perfect.
Krish Naik: Okay, let's take this break and come back. Okay.
Krish Naik: But anyhow, all this Pdfs see? I don't want to share Google drive, because you will make that link public right? I have to make that link public to everyone. And again, it will get shared with everyone. Right?
Krish Naik: So my suggestion would be that go ahead and download it from here. If you're not able to download, wait for the videos to get uploaded in the resources section. We will try to upload it. Okay.
Krish Naik: perfect.
Krish Naik: So let's go ahead and let's go ahead with the 15 min break. Thank you.
Krish Naik: Okay, is everybody back.
Krish Naik: hey? I did not feel bad about it here. So why so much of chats have actually come. Okay. It's okay. Like, see? Many people request this kind of talk, so I usually suggest them. Otherwise I don't have anything to share over here, you know.
Krish Naik: At least it will motivate you to some instant to probably take that extra mile, because you will know at least what is the vision in your life? Right? Is it continuously working, or is it, doing some amazing things in your life, right? I did not feel bad about Sandeep and all. If he does not want to probably do it. I told him. Okay, fine.
Krish Naik: I will not do it. And probably I went ahead. No, no need to share, no need to probably give any hate to anyone. Okay, here, it's just to provide you information. It's just to share you, my experience, what I've actually been doing and how I can help others grow right? So that is only the main vision out there. Okay?
Krish Naik: And
Krish Naik: yeah, let's see what will happen in the future and all. But please do let me know in the future if you don't want me to probably talk anything about my experience, and all because that is the only thing. See? Apart from the content, obviously content. Part, I will be sharing you. Okay. But these things you'll not get it very much easily.
Krish Naik: right? So that is the reason why I always make sure that every batch I share this kind of information to everyone, so that you are tracked with your learning. People gets motivated by it when motivation is one of the very important factor for anyone to learn anything. Yeah. So that is the reason. Otherwise I had no intentions, but no hate for anyone.
Krish Naik: I do not feel bad. It's okay. I I usually get this kind of comment from many people. So I'm I'm okay with it. Okay.
Krish Naik: my my skin has become very fat in this, you know. So if anybody tells me anything, it's okay.
Krish Naik: Let me.
Krish Naik: Okay. Now, if you probably go ahead and see this right? So we have covered document loader text splitter. Now, it's time that we start talking about vector databases.
Krish Naik: Now, see guys, vector databases, there are multiple vector databases that are available. Okay.
Krish Naik: initially, what we will do is that we will 1st of all discuss about something called as vector store. I don't want to cover everything in this class.
Krish Naik: The reason is that it will take time. It will take 2 h of time. Okay.
Krish Naik: so there is a concept of something called as vector, store. Also, see, vector, dB, is something it's like.
Krish Naik: if I talk about vector, dB, here, you store information.
Krish Naik: what kind of information you store. You store information in the form of vectors
Krish Naik: in the form of vector embeddings. I can say, okay.
Krish Naik: And let's say that you have 1,000. Pdf.
Krish Naik: right? You convert this? Pdf, you read this? Pdf, convert it into text.
Krish Naik: Then you convert this into vectors.
Krish Naik: then you store it over here. Now just imagine if 1,000 Pdfs are there.
Krish Naik: Do you think that that entire 1,000 Pdf, you can store it in your local after reading the Content?
Krish Naik: It will not be possible right
Krish Naik: only for a limited Pdf, let's say, if there is some 5 pdf, I can probably read the content inside this 5 Pdf, and I can probably set a context in my Llm. Or I can use manage Llm services, and I can probably go ahead and provide it as a context. But when we have very large number of Pdfs, we don't. Directly we directly try to store that into a vector dB, and then, whenever we require vector, dB, we try to do a request. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, here, you need to understand what is the differences? What is a traditional rag? Okay?
Krish Naik: Traditional rag. So let's go ahead and discuss about this traditional rag
Krish Naik: initially. Now, you have agentic rags. Okay? So agentic rags is basically there.
Krish Naik: We have to probably start with learning traditional rags. Okay. Now, in traditional rags, the the scenario, the mechanism is very simple. Here you have an assistant.
Krish Naik: This assistant can be an Llm. Okay, this assistant can be specifically an Llm. It has an Llm.
Krish Naik: All the steps that we have discussed till now from document loader.
Krish Naik: Let's say I will just go ahead and write something like document loader.
Krish Naik: Let's say that I will just go ahead and
Krish Naik: go ahead and write like this.
Krish Naik: Here I have my document loader.
Krish Naik: Okay from the document loader, then we basically do text splitter.
Krish Naik: Then we take this content and store it into vector, store.
Krish Naik: Now, you need to understand what is the basic difference between vector, store and vector, dB, if see.
Krish Naik: many people will say, vector, stores as something different. Vector dB, as something different. Okay. But these are just like 2 key terminologies. Okay.
Krish Naik: now, in this vector store, if I have any vector database in my local.
Krish Naik: I name it as vector store.
Krish Naik: If I have a vector dB,
Krish Naik: in a specific cloud. Then I basically say it as a vector database. Have you got this minute differences? Everyone.
Krish Naik: Yes.
Krish Naik: Have you got these minute differences. Whenever we talk about vector store, that basically means in the local, we are basically creating some kind of vector database. Okay.
Krish Naik: when we go from textplata to vector store. Here, we will be using vector embedding techniques.
Krish Naik: Vector embedding techniques.
Krish Naik: Okay, now, vector embedding is nothing. But here
Krish Naik: it is just trying to convert text into vectors
Krish Naik: agree, it is just trying to convert text into vectors.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: now, when we are basically creating a vector store, this vector store will be using some kind of vector embedding. Now, vector embedding can be of different types. In Openai, we have vector embedding. And let me tell you, the vector embedding that I've used the most accurate vector embedding which efficiently converts a text into vectors is nothing but openai embeddings.
Krish Naik: Okay, this is paid. Okay, if you want to use a free one. Then we also have hugging face.
Krish Naik: hugging face, embedding techniques. Okay, in the upcoming classes. Right? I will be teaching you about this vector, embedding. 1st of all, you need to know how to probably perform embeddings. Okay, how to convert text into vectors.
Krish Naik: Then along with this, I will also show you with Olama Embeddings. Have you heard about Olama?
Krish Naik: If you want to run all the Llm. Models locally.
Krish Naik: then you can use Olama. Okay, let's say that you want to probably learn or run some kind of Olama models. Sorry some kind of llama models in your local machine, or some kind of Llm models in your local machine. We can basically use Olam. Okay.
Krish Naik: so different, different embedding techniques are there which will specifically focus on converting text into vectors. And this is what we will be discussing in our next session. Because 1st of all, we need to cover this, then we need to probably go ahead with this. Okay, this, too, has been completed. Okay, now, after covering this, what will happen? See? I'll tell you
Krish Naik: one way is that
Krish Naik: I may ask any query to the Llm. And it will give me the output. Let's say, if I ask, Hey, what is machine learning?
Krish Naik: So it should be able to give me the response. What is machine learning
Krish Naik: now in traditional rags? What happens is that one of the major advantages, one of the major disadvantages of using Llm. Do you think this Llm. Models gets periodically trained?
Krish Naik: Yeah, does it get periodically trained?
Krish Naik: T.
Krish Naik: Llm. Model? Let's say, if I probably consider any recent open AI models.
Krish Naik: It may be trained with
Krish Naik: some past data. Let's say right now is 25th May. It may be trained with April data. Okay.
Krish Naik: apparel data.
Krish Naik: April 2025 till April 2025. Our model is basically trained.
Krish Naik: But what happens if I want some recent information from Llm.
Krish Naik: Will I be able to get it. No right again, this Openai Llm model needs to be trained with the recent data also. Right
Krish Naik: now, this is fine.
Krish Naik: Now, my, another question is that? Let's say that I have a company in my company. I have a use case that is related to policies.
Krish Naik: Let's say these are like leave policies, leave policies.
Krish Naik: and there are some more policies like, let's say, Hr. Policies.
Krish Naik: Do you think my Llm. Model
Krish Naik: will be trained with this kind of policies.
Krish Naik: Do you think my Llm. Model will be trained with this kind of policies? No right. Because this is specific company information.
Krish Naik: This is what this is. A
Krish Naik: company information. This is my company. Information
Krish Naik: right specific to the company. Llm. Will have no clue.
Krish Naik: What is the company policy of my company? No one knows there may be different different policies.
Krish Naik: Now.
Krish Naik: if I want to probably create a Chatbot assistant wherein my employees are able to ask a question and get the information related to this particular policies.
Krish Naik: Then what I have to do, think over it.
Krish Naik: Do I need to go ahead and fine tune my Llm. Model?
Krish Naik: Go. Do I need to go ahead and fine tune my Llm. Model?
Krish Naik: You may be saying, Krish. Yes, this is a very good option.
Krish Naik: Go ahead and fine tune, the Llm model, right? But what happens? See? Do you think this policies will keep on getting updated regularly?
Krish Naik: It will keep on getting Updated regularly, like my Hr. Policies may change time to time. My some other policies may be there. My legal policies will be there. That will also be getting changed up to time to time. Right? It will keep on getting updated. So do you think fine tuning is a option is a good option out there.
Krish Naik: do you think fine tuning is a good option?
Krish Naik: Do you think fine tuning is a good option for data that is getting updated again and again, because, see, fine tuning is not that simple process. A lot of cost is involved over here. We need to also make sure to deploy our model.
Krish Naik: There are a lot of cost that is involved, it is difficult. It is a difficult process. Okay, so if there is a company information.
Krish Naik: then what should we do? We should try to build something called as rag.
Krish Naik: What is rag rag is nothing but retrieval augmented generation.
Krish Naik: Now here, what we are basically doing is that
Krish Naik: along with my Chatbot assistant. I will just go ahead and create one vector database.
Krish Naik: And on all this vector database, I will load all the specific documents. After chunking
Krish Naik: after applying some embedding layers.
Krish Naik: Right
Krish Naik: now, once I'm able to do this right. Because see why I'm explaining you this right? This is one of the question that even consultant
Krish Naik: consulting companies also, asks Chris, should we go ahead with fine tuning? Or should we directly go ahead and create rag?
Krish Naik: Right? This is how you need to understand the use case
Krish Naik: right? And here my better option is creating rag because my vector database gets quickly updated again and again, my company policies are getting changed again and again.
Krish Naik: Right? So what I have to do in this particular scenario take all my policies.
Krish Naik: update in the vector database by using chunking, strategy and all and all and all.
Krish Naik: Okay, then what do you need to do?
Krish Naik: Then from my Llm, I will integrate this vector database
Krish Naik: whenever I get a query I will convert this. My Llm. Will have an understanding. If it is not getting this specific content from the Llm. Trained itself, it will go ahead and refer this particular vector database. It will bring back the context.
Krish Naik: and then it'll summarize it, and it'll give you the output.
Krish Naik: Make sense.
Krish Naik: Yes, yes.
Krish Naik: Now let me talk about.
Krish Naik: When should you use fine tuning? Okay, this will also be a very good scenario.
Krish Naik: Let's say I have a use case.
Krish Naik: I want this chat bot to work in this way. If somebody says, Hi!
Krish Naik: My response would be, Hi, welcome to Krishnak Academy.
Krish Naik: Krishnak Academy.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: And it should be specific, related to my information.
Krish Naik: What? Who do you like to?
Krish Naik: What would you like to learn?
Krish Naik: Right? So for my company specific use cases. If I want to implement something, I will try to fine tune this Llm. Model
Krish Naik: making sense.
Krish Naik: I want this Chatbot to behave like my, how I want exactly how I want
Krish Naik: right in in Chat Gpt. How many of you will like, please? How many of you will like write? Please have you used Grok.
Krish Naik: have you used this grok from Twitter?
Krish Naik: You talk with Grok in any how you want this Grok will change his language in that way, you say? Hey, Grok, talk like you are my very close friend, and you scold Grok. He will also scold you, Brack. Sorry he or she. I don't know whether I should say he or she. But this Chatbot will against scold you back
Krish Naik: right?
Krish Naik: So I want my chat Bot to be very respectful like how my entire counseling team will talk to my customers in that specific way.
Krish Naik: Right? At that point of time. What I will do I will make annotations, annotations of various data, right? How the input and output should look like. And then I will try to train that specific model
Krish Naik: to my Llm. And that is where I specifically do fine tuning.
Krish Naik: You should not talk about anything other than Krishnak Academy. That is what is my main answer out here.
Krish Naik: making sense guys use cases based. Try to understand in this use cases based.
Krish Naik: I want my Chatbot to talk only about Krishnak Academy, nothing else, nothing else.
Krish Naik: because that is for my business oriented purpose.
Krish Naik: Right?
Krish Naik: Otherwise, I can directly use the Llm. Llm. Will also be able to tell the answers itself.
Krish Naik: Yeah, making sense.
Krish Naik: and that is where I will try to prepare my data, and then I will fine tune my Llm. Right, and then my Llm. Will be able to give that kind of house. Here we are using an external data source.
Krish Naik: external data source to do all these activities.
Krish Naik: Yeah, making sense guys. Now, you have understood the clear understanding between rag and fine tuning.
Krish Naik: right? And all the other things that you really want to do. Can't we do that with prompts?
Krish Naik: Can't we do that with prompts. We can definitely do with prompts. Right? You just need to go ahead and write your prompt template.
Krish Naik: Do that thing where you go ahead and write your own prompts. You need to behave in this way. You need to go ahead and probably provide a response based on this particular context. You need to act like a lawyer. Probably you need to act like a Ca and provide advice. All those things can be done right.
Krish Naik: More advanced things go ahead and do fine tuning. More regularly updated things go ahead and do with rag.
Krish Naik: Yeah.
Krish Naik: very simple. Now with prompts. What is basically happening with prompts is that you're giving some kind of prompt like, how the
Krish Naik: assistant needs to behave. Right? We basically wrote system prompt in the studies class.
Krish Naik: Did we write system? Prompt?
Krish Naik: Yeah, based on the system prompt, we are able to do this.
Krish Naik: Yeah, then, fine tuning. You understood? I really want my AI assistant to work for a specific domain
Krish Naik: in that domain that is related to my company.
Krish Naik: So I will prepare my data and fine tune, my model. And finally, you have rag
Krish Naik: in the case of rag. I have some external data source
Krish Naik: where I have company information that keeps on getting up to date. It keeps on changing.
Krish Naik: All I have to do is that update these things right?
Krish Naik: I have to keep on updating. Yes. Does. Perplexity uses rag. Perplexity uses many things. It uses rag. It uses tools.
Krish Naik: It uses services, externals, Apis call. Many thing will be there
Krish Naik: making sense guys, yes or no.
Krish Naik: So in the next session, we will start discussing about vector embeddings vector store. Then we will implement rag, right? So next Saturday and Sunday, I think we will be able to complete vector embeddings vector store and a traditional rag.
Krish Naik: But don't worry. Still, we will not stop over here. As we go ahead with Lang graph. We will talk about agentic rags.
Krish Naik: different types of rags. Right? So this is the pattern that we are going to learn right?
Krish Naik: So overall, how was the session? Everyone.
Krish Naik: So I'll keep the session limited till here, because to learn about vector emitting and vector store, it will take me a couple of hours
Krish Naik: and slowly, slowly, we will build the knowledge. And then later in the later stages, we will try to speed and it up.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Krish Naik: but this is what I've written. So many different things. See from where we started. We understood about Langchain and Lang Graph. See, all these concepts will be important when we talk to clients. When you convince them what kind of use cases. We need to implement
Krish Naik: right? What kind of things we need to implement. I have this scenario. You tell me what we need to do. Then you'll say, Okay, what is your problem statement? Okay, shall we go ahead with fine tuning? Shall we go ahead with simple prompts? Do we require rag?
Krish Naik: Right.
Krish Naik: So this is how things work. Okay. And I hope everybody is liking this session, and we'll be making sure that we teach in this way as we go ahead because everybody needs to understand in this way itself. Okay.
Krish Naik: perfect.
Krish Naik: Till the next week that we come right. Please make sure to go ahead and explore all the data ingestion techniques.
Krish Naik: different different data ingestion techniques. Okay.
Krish Naik: go ahead and explore different different data transformation technique.
Krish Naik: Here we have discussion about 4 to 5. But now it's up to you. Sky is the limit. I've taught you how to do things.
Krish Naik: You just need to go ahead and explore things. Okay?
Krish Naik: And these all things are there. Fine tuning is again a very hefty process. Hectic process. Okay, it is not just simple. You need to understand the mathematics behind fine tuning each and everything. Okay.
Krish Naik: okay, so yes, this was it. I've also given you the assignment. Please make sure that you do the assignment also. Okay. And don't forget to share your information that you have learned today.
Krish Naik: Learn things, write blogs, do amazing things, complete assignments, work again.
Krish Naik: create your own parser. If you want, share it with the entire team, entire world in the Linkedin, and all
Krish Naik: share it with your people who are there in the same group. Okay, when you all will be sharing knowledge, you will be getting more knowledge out there. Some of you may be working in some companies. You are working in different use cases. You have faced a new scenario. Right? Try to share it with everyone. Okay.
Krish Naik: so yeah, this was it from my side. I hope you like this particular session.
Krish Naik: Other than this, I think we have covered almost each and everything that is required which is really really good. The further steps. The further process that we are basically going to learn everything will be shared as we go ahead. Okay, so thank you. This was it. I will just go ahead and raise a poll, and then we will start the doubt clearing session. Okay, so I have raised the poll. Please make sure to provide your feedbacks and all
Krish Naik: sunny you there.
Krish Naik: Sunny, you there.
Sunny Savita: Hello! Can you hear me, sir?
Krish Naik: Yeah, yeah, I can.
Krish Naik: Sunny. We have. I've I've
Krish Naik: we have done this still here. So you can take the doubt clearing further. And
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure, sir. So.
Krish Naik: So till till people provide the feedbacks and all. After this you can probably start the doubt clearing. I hope you have the materials right.
Sunny Savita: Yes, sir, I have a material. I downloaded that.
Krish Naik: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Perfect. You can take the excess of.
Krish Naik: The panelist. I.
Sunny Savita: Can you make me host of.
Krish Naik: Yeah, no.
Krish Naik: So once the feedback polling is done, you can stop the polling, and
Sunny Savita: Yeah, sure.
Krish Naik: You can start the doubt clearing. Till then
Krish Naik: I think you can start it. Okay, so thank you guys, I'll be here in the back end. But, anyhow please continue your doubt clearing.
Krish Naik: I'll see you all in the next weekend session.
Krish Naik: Thank you continuously.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, okay, sir.
Sunny Savita: So guys, we'll start with the doubts. If you have any doubt you can raise your hand. Okay, I will give you the access.
Sunny Savita: You can ask your doubt. Then.
Sunny Savita: if you don't have any doubt, and if you are clear with the session guys, you can drop off.
Sunny Savita: you can top up the session. Okay?
Sunny Savita: So the 1st doubt from Hemanth Hemanth. What's your doubt?
Sunny Savita: Can you hear me, Aman?
Sunny Savita: Okay, Hammond is not there, Gautam Gautam, are you there? Gotham? Raja! Teja, guys, anyone is there? Please go ahead with it down.
Teja: Hi, Sadiq, I'm deja.
Sunny Savita: Hello, David!
Teja: Yeah, class is going good sunny. And the
Teja: context is delivered. It is in a right fast. It is not fast or slow. So thanks for doing it Sunny. I wanted to say this to Kristar, so he's not there so fine. My question is sunny. When Krishna was explaining, when do we find you? Or would you like to just provide some kind of a argument?
Teja: So when he was explaining when when we have to choose fine tune, or when we have to choose this track. He mentioned that, depending on your use case, if you would like to focus only particularly on your company. Let us say, if you are Krishnai Academy. So I want the part that has to be done with the Krishnai. So why don't we just say the
Teja: take a public
Teja: model and provide more context, hey? Don't even talk anything beyond my academy, and we will provide even hundreds of questions so that it has the context to it. So in this case I mean I was not able to catch this. The difference between when to choose this fine tuning, or when to choose this rack.
Sunny Savita: So see for the fine tuning. Yeah, fine tuning is like a pretty straightforward if you want to retrain your model on your own data. Okay? In that case you will go with the fine tuning. So see why we do that. Actually to teach model some new pattern.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And on top of that fine tune model itself. You can build a rag.
Sunny Savita: so you should always go with the hybrid solution.
Sunny Savita: Okay, not only the fine tuning, not only the rag. If you are working in an industry, let's say at the 1st place, for sure you're gonna create a rag only because in rag you won't get any like much cost. Okay, apart from the model and the vector store right? But in fine tuning you will have to set up the infra. You will have to take a high end. Instance. Okay, and you will retain your model
Sunny Savita: right to teach your model itself. And while you are teaching your model. So that time also, you will have to. Basically more focus on the data quality data preparation. That is a different level of challenge.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you will have to set up the entire data pipeline over there as well. Right? So when fine tuning, when rag see? Most of the time you're gonna work with the rag. But Company wants okay. We want to train to the model from scratch, and we are creating our own pool of the models. In that case we will do the fine tuning. Okay? And even after the fine tuning on top of that fine tune model, you're gonna build a rag architecture.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Sunny Savita: So it's a very subjective question. Means like, you cannot directly decide rag or fine tuning. But rag is having upper hand most of the time. You are going to build a rag. Okay? Because we have nowadays those those kind of reasoning model which we can use directly in our solution, and easily. We can build a rag easily. Model, can understand a context instead of fine tuning, instead of retaining it again, go with the rag, approach.
Teja: Okay? One last question. So in our I mean, when I'm building the Chatbot in azure. So it will ask for this few already, I mean training questions. Hey, what are you so think like, you are a some kind of assistant manager for? Some something. So what do we call that? Is it annotation? Or, is it providing the context? What do we call.
Sunny Savita: Sorry.
Teja: So let us say, if I am providing any kind of a chat, but means I am creating a chat. But there, I can provide the context to that. The chat. But, hey, you think like you are a my company's assistant. You are a sales agent, or this kind of text we can provide. So I mean, material we can call it. We can even dump some of the Pdfs where it says all the details about my company.
Teja: So is it context providing? Or can we call this as rag? Or can we call this as annotation was just confused with this.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this will only call. The rag only means you are going to be dumped. Your data. Okay?
Teja: Yes.
Sunny Savita: You want to dump the data in a database you want to arrange there. Correct. So see, Rag. Actually, it's not a see, it's a single word. But you can divide into the multiple parts right? So the 1st part of the rag itself is called the data ingestion. Okay, that is a decoupled pipeline of the entire retrieval and generation itself.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so that is similar to the data pipeline. You know, the data engineer, what they are doing. They are keeping a data, they are creating a data pipelines. Right? So if you are keeping your data somewhere in vector database, that comes inside the data, pipeline itself, annotation and all. I think there is no specific word
Sunny Savita: for this one. Again, I would say, if you're going to be store your data. If you're going to prepare that, that always comes into the data ingestion pipeline. Okay, so altogether call it as a data ingestion, wherever you are going to be stored from source to destination, or even after the Etl or Elt, with whatever pipeline got it.
Teja: Thank you very much. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Teja: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Tija is done. Now, Raja Gautam, anyone having any doubt. Please go ahead.
Gautam  Singhani: Hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Got them.
Gautam  Singhani: There is one generic question this is regarding about the live session. So my question is, whenever this Chris is asking any queries or questions. Right? So is there any specific chat room or something wherein we need to answer.
Sunny Savita: You can write in a chat itself. See, there is a 2 option Q, and chat right? So always prefer this chat, because, as a like mentor. Right? While we are teaching, we are looking into the chat itself. Okay.
Gautam  Singhani: Because the thing is I'm I'm just posting on the webinar chat, right? The chat that is on the zoom session.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, yeah. There itself. You need to write. Okay, see? Some of the question might get missed. Okay, as sir, has already given you the disclaimer, so don't worry about it. If you have any doubt anything you can. Later on you can ask to us.
Gautam  Singhani: Okay, okay? And and one more thing, I mean, just coming back to the question about this rack thing. Right? So let's say I have a use case where wherein I I have some company documents, and I want to prepare some chat bot kind of thing wherein the user can ask questions about the the let's say a user guide right.
Sunny Savita: Hello!
Gautam  Singhani: About, but some product. So in that thing will this training, the model will be necessary, or it just just building a rag would suffice.
Sunny Savita: No, that's what I was saying. Use a good reasoning based model which can understand
Sunny Savita: the context in a better way. Okay, that would be sufficient one. At the 1st place, no need to go with the the retraining the model. And all again, I'm saying, because the data preparation again, it's a different kind of challenge. Okay, you will feel more comfortable while you are restoring a data instead of preparing for the fine tuning.
Gautam  Singhani: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Got it. So use a good reasoning model and go with the rag based approach.
Gautam  Singhani: Okay. Now, just on top of it. Another question. Let's say I was. I was trying to do some some stuff I was just creating some demo or something, just just to showcase to my company. But the thing is, while using the rag some of majority of the time it was working fine, but at times it is not answering the correct it. It's not answering the questions correctly. So so what what need to do on top of it?
Sunny Savita: So see, rag. Architecture is a very volatile architecture. Okay, even we cannot say like when it will give a correct answer or not with the complexity. Okay.
Sunny Savita: you need to check out with the each and every aspect of it. Majorly. 2 thing is very important over there. First, st is a data preparation, right? How you are going to be stored data, chunking mechanism and all. Or maybe sometimes chunking is not required. As it is. Document, you can store. Okay.
Sunny Savita: I was like.
Sunny Savita: has shown you right? It is storing the complete single single. Pdf, right? So in that way you can store the paragraph directly you can store like 2 pages where your contest is getting retained. Right? So there you will have to focus. The second thing. See, I work with a chunking technique. So recursive is fine. Even text splitter is fine. Semantic chunking is one of the like, the good one. Okay, if you can explore from your end. Guys, I think that
Sunny Savita: be a good solution for you. Semantic what it is doing actually based on the text Semantic, just creating a chunk.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So that is the 1st thing. The second thing is a retriever part. You need to work on. Your retriever as well as the re ranking means your main aim to provide a good context to your Llm model.
Sunny Savita: Okay, if you are able to do it right according to the use case, 100% accuracy, you won't get anywhere, even 70 to 80% accuracy you are getting with respect to your question and all. And again, I would say for the repetitive question. Try to maintain a caching.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So it will reduce your cost, and your output also will be consistent. One got it. So you need to do some improvement. And if you are able to achieve 70 to 80% accuracy. And with that you are able to like, convince your business. Okay, we can get only this much of accuracy. And I think more than this one is not possible right now, based on the Llm. Capability. I think that would be great
Sunny Savita: understood.
Gautam  Singhani: Okay. Okay. Thanks. Thanks. Annie.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: So Gautam is done. Now, Raja, Raja, what's it out? Aditya! Raja, guys, anyone is there? Please go ahead.
Raja: Hey, hi! Sunny thanks for the session.
Sunny Savita: Guys. I will give you the chance you, you will. You can ask the question. Just raise your hand. Okay, I'll unmute you. You can ask. Nilesh is there? And someone was also there, right? And one more person was also there. So guys, don't worry. I'll give you the chance. Okay, Raja, yeah. Please go ahead.
Raja: Hey? I have some couple of questions. The one is regarding that. Why don't we give a prompt instead of giving a fine tuning, a model that you have answered the answer your my doubts. So I'm not go with that. So what my other doubt is about the text filter.
Raja: So you told that we can use a recressive character splitter or whatever the many, there are many type of text split rather my 1. 1 of the basic doubt here is, how do I know the optimal text? Splitter, chunk size.
Sunny Savita: Again, sir. It is all about the experiments. Okay.
Raja: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Need to understand the behavior of the Texas splitter. Have you learned machine learning.
Raja: Yeah.
Nilesh Winerkar: Have you trained the machine learning model.
Raja: Yeah, regarding we basically, we use optona to find out the parameters.
Sunny Savita: So in the same way. Okay, if you will ask to me, Sunny, which Texas Patel is the best one I would give you the couple of name. And I, I will say, Okay, please test out with this one and create one notebook with a proper evaluation and the strategy. Right, we'll try out the final one, the best one. That's it. Okay, as I told you, right, you can go ahead with the recursive recursively. It is trying to find out the best possible chunk.
Sunny Savita: and you can use a semantic. Also, you can create your own splitter based on your some specific character, and even sometime text splitter is not required.
Sunny Savita: Okay, as it is, you can store the data pages. You can store the data based on your paragraph or section. Right? So let's say, you got a you, you got a data from your business there in the data. Actually, you have a data in our docs, right and there. The data is basically going to be divide based on the section. Let's the 1st section related to something. Second section. So why you will do the splitting over here simply as like you will do the data parsing. And you will get that section as it is, and you will store inside the vector database.
Sunny Savita: So tech a chunking is always not required. You need to understand the use case. Okay, what is the requirement of that? And based on that. You need to take a decision. Got it.
Raja: Okay? And last, one doubts any, so that I'm asking you so is there any way to? If I have a Pdf. Where I have a image. I have a Pdf, I have a table. I have a text. Is there any way to, I think told me that one of the fact one of the way to do it, but I missed out at the time. So is there any way to do it to to get that load? The information.
Sunny Savita: Load the information. Why is there is some inbuilt ability? Okay.
Sunny Savita: python. Based library Pymu, Pdf minor on a structure right now there is some Llm based libraries also. Okay, if you want a proper list, I'll I can give it to you. I can do my own research. And 5, 2, 6, 5, 2, 6 name I can give you regarding each and every loader. Okay? Or else.
Raja: Okay.
Sunny Savita: The best way of it.
Sunny Savita: Try to explore 3. Pack 3. Framework. 1st is alarm. Langchain. They have given you the sufficient information.
Sunny Savita: Second is Lama Index. There also you will find out some parser. Okay? And the library. 3rd is a haystack. Okay, that is also one of the open source framework. So just export this free framework. You will get a sufficient name.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Raja: Okay, okay, thank you. Thank you. Thanks so much.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Nilesh Winerkar: Right.
Sunny Savita: Adjah Aditya, please go ahead with the doubt. Nilesh Aditya.
Nilesh Winerkar: Okay.
Aditya Chidre: My doubt was regarding the fine tuning model. So right now, what my company is demanding. This we have. We are, trying to fine tune a model like Lma. We are choosing it with less parameter, regarding completely our documents. So like we don't have a instruction and label kind of a supervised learning approach. But we have just a normal. You can assume a text documents
Aditya Chidre: which we are like trying to find you. So now here is like by unsupervised approach. How can we do it? And also the evaluation metrics, what we have to consider, and the parameters while training it, because you also know that it is a
Aditya Chidre: computationally very expensive. So and we also have to do that. So right now, we are just training on 6 to 7 pages of some documents, so that we'll build a Poc. And we'll show it to the higher leaders, and then it will be a full.
Sunny Savita: Which which model you're gonna fine tune.
Aditya Chidre: Lama, like Institution.
Sunny Savita: Llama. Only, right? So how to prepare a data for preparing a data. The best possible source is a this hugging face only?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so over the hugging face, you can check out with the data repository the data repository. Specifically, they have created with the with respect to this the llama model. Only you can check out couple of repository. One of them, I'm able to remember the block Repository. Okay? And there are so many like this. So there you only you will find out how to prepare a data for the fine tune. Let's say you have a text. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Now you have a question and the answer, and then in the last column there will be a combine of it, question and answer. Okay. So this question answer, and this question and answer all these 3 column you're gonna provide to your model.
Sunny Savita: Alright. So you can export the data, preparation and all from there itself. Now, if you are going to be, generate a response from the
Sunny Savita: from this model itself. Okay? So you can find you can check out. You can evaluate a model with a perplexity score you can check out with a blue score as well. Okay, so these some mathematical scores are there. You can like figure out which score which for which specific task, and mathematically, you can evaluate that
Sunny Savita: got it.
Aditya Chidre: So regarding the text documents, we have to prepare the set of Q. And a queries
Sunny Savita: Right, correct me. So regarding the text document, actually, you see, this model specifically, have been designed for the conversation. Okay? And the data we always provide. See? And what kind of fine tuning we're gonna do over here. We're gonna do the supervised fine tuning. Or you can say it's a instruction fine tuning, right? So if you are going to do a supervised fine tuning, so you will have to prepare your data into the question and answering format. Right? So someone is getting like, someone is asking a question. And that model is getting giving a reply.
Sunny Savita: Right? So in that specific format. You will have to prepare a data and you will find out some inbuilt data or the hugging faces itself.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so my better suggestion, try to explore that framework, hugging face platform. It's having so many resources. Okay? Or else what you can do. 2 more framework I can suggest to you. First, st you can check. Out with the llama factory. Okay? The second, you can check out with the unslot.
Sunny Savita: So this 2 more framework will give you the clear cut understanding of the supervised fine tuning, and no need to write too much code. And if you can, if you want to do a minimalistic code, one more framework. I can suggest to you that is the axolotl. Okay, there, you just need to write a yaml configuration and all. And with that everything will be configured automatically and check how to prepare a data. Accordingly, they have given you the like many more sources. So all this 3 is open source you can check out with the Github itself. Okay.
Aditya Chidre: So like, okay, so for less of documents, we can prepare the QA. But if I am considering the unsupervised approach, and let's suppose I have thousands of documents so like, it's basically oracle services, Doc. So in that case, also, we have. I have to go with the supervised only that preparing. QA.
Sunny Savita: Got it. Got it because, you already have a base model, unsupervised training. We are not doing over here. If you want to train it from scratch. That's a different kind of thing. Means even that is required much effort. So you will have to prepare a data in a supervised fashion. Only there is some library. Also you can. You can use some pythonic code logic for preparing our data in that way. Okay? And that.
Aditya Chidre: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: You can train your model. That's it. Data set again. I'm saying, no hugging face is having the data set library check out. With that they have given you many more things, which is how to prepare a data for the fine tuning. If you will explore around certain depth, you will get that, how to prepare.
Aditya Chidre: Okay? So regardless of the data quantity we have, it will do the things.
Sunny Savita: Correct programmatically. We can do that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, manually. It's not required. Okay.
Aditya Chidre: Sure. Sure. Thank you. Thanks so much.
Nilesh Winerkar: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Alright!
Sunny Savita: Well.
Nilesh Winerkar: Hi! Can you.
Sunny Savita: Relationships correct yeah.
Nilesh Winerkar: Okay? 1st thing is that I have, I do
Nilesh Winerkar: open AI using, I'm using the Azure Openai services order. Okay, I have a co-pilot license. Okay, $30 license. So I use that for Openai Apis for login, because I tried that one. But it's not allowing me, because I tried that using that.
Nilesh Winerkar: What are the Api keys over there in azure Api in azure services? So I've tried to use over here now, or your open air services
Nilesh Winerkar: key over there. But it's not working. So is it possible.
Sunny Savita: You will have to use this line has given you. Given you the wrapper for the azure. Open. AI, also.
Sunny Savita: Okay. If you are going to use it with a Chat Openai model. It will not work. You will have to use that specific azure Openai class for that. Okay.
Nilesh Winerkar: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Nilesh Winerkar: So so that that I can. That is possible. Correct. I can.
Sunny Savita: Possible azure. Even. I've also used the azure openia itself so configured, using the link in itself, just right over the Google Langshon azure open air. You will get that class. Okay?
Nilesh Winerkar: Okay. So then I don't need to buy that $5
Nilesh Winerkar: open a Api even.
Sunny Savita: You have, you have a credential of Dazur Openai.
Sunny Savita: You have. Now, right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I have a 0 point 5.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, then no need to wire. You can read the model from there.
Nilesh Winerkar: Because yesterday I tried, but it was not working. So that's why. Okay. So I.
Sunny Savita: The way the way I told you. No, I use Langshon as your open AI use that. It will work. Okay.
Nilesh Winerkar: Okay. The second thing is that I have gone through your video that related to the it's not related with nowadays our classes. But it's related to the azure AI services you have made. 1, 3 h, 2 h, one video other, which is related? I have something that related, can I contact on your toll free numbers? And then there is.
Sunny Savita: Content. Wise you can
Sunny Savita: drop me a message over the community itself, or else I can give you my mail. Id if anything is there you can drop me a mail. Okay? So I I.
Nilesh Winerkar: Into chat.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I'm putting into the chat.
Nilesh Winerkar: Okay? And then, I have some.
Nilesh Winerkar: Okay, I have some use cases. Okay, I'm working with some clients. Okay, so I use cases, which is with. They want to go for that. You know. AI
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Nilesh Winerkar: Projects, and all.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Nilesh Winerkar: So I'm totally right now, new over there now, because I already work with the Microsoft product new for me. So I have so many need any help on this, how to make a plan, and all this structure over there now. So is it possible that I can call you your number, and then you can.
Sunny Savita: No, sir, calling and all, I think it would be a difficult right. So if you have any concern and all you can talk with me like this. I will be available right after the session. Okay, to assist your doubt you can drop me a mail right? Likewise. We can have a talk. Whatever doubts you have, doubts, see doubts and all. It's a never ending thing. Okay, if you'll ask me one thing, I'll give you a reply. Then again, the next thought will come right. So better try to solve some doubt from your own way, and whatever you have some, whenever you have something serious. You can reach out to me directly. Okay.
Nilesh Winerkar: So I can drop a mail and.
Sunny Savita: Correct. Sir. Okay.
Nilesh Winerkar: Okay? And then last thing is that yesterday I was working on that link change project. Okay, actually, I want to try trace that one, but I want it was not creating that project overall, because it's showing me.
Sunny Savita: I think, sir, has shown you multiple time. You know many people ask doubt if you have. Yeah, if you configure something wrong there, you can. Maybe you are not able to trace. So you can better. If you can showcase your code. I can look into that. Okay.
Nilesh Winerkar: Okay, right? Now on.
Sunny Savita: Right now I'm promoting a panelist. You can show me that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Srihari. What's your doubt? Srihari? Pranav guys any doubt? Please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: And please, guys, it's a request. So please ask in a short manner, because there are so many people right? So if you have something necessary, then, go ahead, please. Yeah. Should we hear you.
Nilesh Winerkar: Good! Hello!
Sunny Savita: Shri Hari Pranav. Guys, please go ahead with your doubt.
Sunny Savita: Okay, hi, sonny.
Sunny Savita: 1st you go and then Pranav, okay.
srihari Vanga: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yup!
srihari Vanga: So sunny. 1st one is academic. I want to. I want to discuss any thoughts where I want to meet. There is no channel. I don't have that.
srihari Vanga: Damn.
Sunny Savita: Kendall you will get now the common chat itself. You don't have access of it. I think you have right. Just check out with the platform once you will enroll in a course automatically, will get that. Okay.
srihari Vanga: Okay, that is, 1, st one second one is the more about like yesterday's web history web zoom sessions. I want to download it. I'm not able to get it. For example.
Sunny Savita: What resources you want to download.
srihari Vanga: How to do that part.
Sunny Savita: Resources wise. Just a second. I can show you where you will get it. I'm sharing my screen. Okay.
Nilesh Winerkar: Yeah. Are you able to see my screen sunny.
Sunny Savita: Just a second Neil. Let me clarify this doubt. Okay, then I'll come to you.
Sunny Savita: I'm sharing my screen.
srihari Vanga: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: It's visible right?
srihari Vanga: Yeah, it's visible.
Sunny Savita: So this is your badge. Okay?
Sunny Savita: You can see like this, only correct.
srihari Vanga: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: So once you will go with any sort of a class. Let's say the studies class
Sunny Savita: here is a recording of it. Correct.
srihari Vanga: Yeah, yeah, so just check out with this resources.
srihari Vanga: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So from here you can download. Understood. Now.
srihari Vanga: Thank you. Another thing is another technical question.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
srihari Vanga: On the. With respect to the rag, for example, a rag, I have a latest data, is there? Llm. Has a world data.
srihari Vanga: Or vice versa. Llm. Is the new one our rag, how?
srihari Vanga: Which one is the latest, how it will compare by Llm.
Sunny Savita: Compare yc, you will have to frequently update your databases with your latest data.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
srihari Vanga: But sometimes I'll update Llm trying to model. It's the latest vector is old.
Sunny Savita: Let's see, Mo model updation is not in your hand. If you are going to use any model from the Api, right? Let's say, if you are going to use the open Api or any other model, so it is not in your hand. So whenever the company is updating the model that's at that time itself, or, like you will get update inside the model itself. Right? So better try to use the latest model
Sunny Savita: yeah, as of now, if I would if I would tell you. Okay, use the Gpt. 3.5 turbo you will not use because you have a latest option. Gpt. 4, 4, 0 mini, O, 3. Mini, right. Gpt, 4, 4. Preview for I think, for B preview. Right? So yeah. So those are the latest one they have trained on latest data. And frequently they're updating
Sunny Savita: so research regarding the model. And then you will have to frequently update your database just to like meet up with the latest data. Only got it.
srihari Vanga: Okay. But we will need to identify which one is the latest automatically, or we have to tell which is.
Sunny Savita: How automatically you can do it. Tell me if the date see data. If you're going to be stored in a vector, database so frequently you will have to run that pipeline. Okay? So you will have to understand the requirement when data is coming. Let's say I'm a business owner. I told you. Okay, every 2 week I will send you the new data. So what you will do. You will pick up that new data. You'll dump into the database.
srihari Vanga: Right. Or maybe you will have to create some chrome jobs automatic jobs right? So every 2 week on Sunday it is going to be execute, and your data is, get going to be stored there.
Sunny Savita: Alright. And same way you will have to see. Let's say, if you're going to be use any Api Based model you will have to check with that model
Sunny Savita: up to which date it is. It was trained on what kind of data understood.
Sunny Savita: But in dragging now generally, you are going to be, update your database. Only.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
srihari Vanga: Okay. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So, Nilesh, please share your screen. Now.
Nilesh Winerkar: No, this is through the pool and finish.
Nilesh Winerkar: Oh, hold on! Are you.
Sunny Savita: You sharing your screen. I cannot see that.
Nilesh Winerkar: You can ask me. Okay, hold on. Hold on.
Sunny Savita: Cool.
Nilesh Winerkar: Oh.
Nilesh Winerkar: yeah, you know, it's showing the default one here now.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Nilesh Winerkar: If I go to the.
Sunny Savita: Code. Is there no? Now check to show me your code
Sunny Savita: code. Quote. Go ahead with the code.
Nilesh Winerkar: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Where you have written the configuration. Show me your env, dot env.
Sunny Savita: Show me the initial variable scroll left. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: I think you missed one parameter. True or something. Go with your this one again. Language. Sorry this language.
Sunny Savita: Blankensmith. Blanksmith.
Nilesh Winerkar: Reason you're.
Sunny Savita: You. You haven't followed the classes.
Sunny Savita: Okay, yeah. Scroll down, scroll down. No, no, show me. Show me that language, Smith, Page, language, Smith, Page.
Sunny Savita: Browser, browser, Sir Browser.
Nilesh Winerkar: You're okay, hey?
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Scroll down.
Nilesh Winerkar: I've I deploy this on dependency only.
Sunny Savita: No, no scroll down scroll. See? You have to configure these parameter, this Langchen Langsmith tracing Langsmith endpoint Langsmith Api key Languagesmith project. Name. Okay, take all this 4 parameter and configure it there, do it.
Sunny Savita: take copy it from here, copy it from here, this one half, copy it, and keep it inside a dot env
Sunny Savita: dot env open the dot env. Yeah. Now, hit enter hit. Enter after the yeah. Now paste it over there. Yeah. Now check all the parameters. So election Api key pass as a language key, the above one line number 2. Yeah. Copy the link Api key and pass it there.
Sunny Savita: Your Api key.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Do it.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Langey Smith project name. Write your project name. What is your project? Name? Agentic? 2 point or something like this right?
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: And lang is Smith true? Right? So this is also one of them you have to configure. Now, open, I key is not required, so you can remove that. Remove this open. I key.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, that's it. So this is clear. Api key is clear. Endpoint is clear. Now, link in Api Key, Openai Key, and this language and project name, you can remove. Okay, line number 2, 3 and 4. You can delete that. Are you using open Api key.
Sunny Savita: Wait, are you using open IP key.
Nilesh Winerkar: I'm doing that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so just remove line number 2 and 4 there from there. Okay.
Sunny Savita: line number 2 and line number 4. Remove that delete this one. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: yeah, because we already got it.
Sunny Savita: Remove it. Now save your file, press control. S, or keep it on auto, save
Sunny Savita: no, no, no. Go with the file file, header, header, file, edit, file, add, yeah.
Nilesh Winerkar: 5.
Sunny Savita: Correct auto save keep it on auto, save auto, save scroll down. Yeah. This one.
Nilesh Winerkar: Hold on!
Sunny Savita: Now do one thing. Go with your notebook. Open your notebook.
Sunny Savita: No, no, no, not this notebook. Your notebook, IP and V file there itself.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Now restart your kernel. Here is your kernel. See? Again. Check with the header of notebook restart. Run all clear output. Yeah, this one restart your kernel. Do it?
Sunny Savita: Correct? Now run it again. Okay.
Sunny Savita: yeah. Now run it from scratch, run it from 1st line.
Sunny Savita: from 1st line itself. 1st cell itself. Yeah, do it
Sunny Savita: is spelling mistaken. True. Okay. Can you showcase your dot env file is there any spelling mistake or something?
Sunny Savita: Open the dot env ENVT, RUE,
Sunny Savita: yeah, it is correct. Now, guys, right TRUE,
Sunny Savita: not in. Not okay. Fine. Now, now open your IP envy, file. Open your IP envy.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, not on it.
Sunny Savita: This one.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, run it.
Sunny Savita: Now run this one check whether the value is coming or not. Okay, fine. Now see? In notebook, not TRUE. Instead of you can keep the small true, or you can directly read the variable from the environment variable. Only. Okay.
Sunny Savita: true, it's a small one.
Sunny Savita: small, true. So see, there is 2 way you can directly configure in your notebook that true, or you can read this Lang Smith this Langsmith, tracing from the environment variable itself. Got it? Now open your notebook, open your notebook, and check the spelling of this true last line. Last line.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this one.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now run it again.
Sunny Savita: Got it check where it is getting filled.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down. Check with the error, sir. Error. Message.
Nilesh Winerkar: No, it's showing that
Sunny Savita: Str expected, nor the lang chain. Api key.
Sunny Savita: Do you have it? Check with the spelling.
Nilesh Winerkar: 1988, is not defined yet.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, so you can keep the language. Api key. Okay, instead of this one.
Nilesh Winerkar: I'll I'll just make it as disabled. Okay.
Sunny Savita: No, no, it will not work, sir, it will not work. Okay. There is a variable namesmith, Api. Key copy that variable and keep it over here instead of the Api key.
Nilesh Winerkar: In here, and we correct and.
Sunny Savita: Yes, correct from the end, because in the latest version, maybe no, no, no, just copy. You have already written that at line number 7. Just copy the variable name from there. Yeah, copy it
Sunny Savita: and keep it there.
Sunny Savita: Change the name, change the name. Yeah, here, correct.
Sunny Savita: And here also correct.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, not on it.
Nilesh Winerkar: So what is the difference when I define their Linkedin? If they.
Sunny Savita: Okay, just change the name. Nothing else. Just run it. Okay. If it is not going to work, keep it, Langshon, again. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Now it will again project. Just change all the variable from there from the dot. Envy itself.
Nilesh Winerkar: Yeah. But then I don't know why. Then it was not working yesterday, because.
Sunny Savita: Return. True, I think wrong because of that. It was not working.
Nilesh Winerkar: No, I think so. Maybe while trying something.
Nilesh Winerkar: Is it correct? Now.
Sunny Savita: We are on it.
Nilesh Winerkar: See the prompt and everything working correctly. But I don't know why that project was not getting created.
Sunny Savita: Scroll down, scroll down right again the next line that invoke and all, and check over there.
Nilesh Winerkar: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Nilesh Winerkar: 7. Pizza.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, run it now. So.
Sunny Savita: Not check with your language.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, RAM, I will take your question. Please wait. Okay.
Nilesh Winerkar: You know, it's correct. Okay? It was, okay.
Sunny Savita: Important, yeah.
Nilesh Winerkar: So what was the mistake? Actually, I done? It's a because of the true spelling.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Maybe the typo mistake was done.
Nilesh Winerkar: Oh, okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Nilesh Winerkar: Okay, no, no problem. Okay, then, thank you. Thank you so much.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir, thank you.
pranav suryawanshi: Yeah. Hi, sonny.
Sunny Savita: Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Pranav pranav, go ahead, please.
pranav suryawanshi: So suppose if I make a rack right now, and suppose I have data about 30 to 50. MB, right now, I have make a made a rack. Now, there are 2 cases. First, st is that I have, I know
pranav suryawanshi: what data or in which document the the data has been updated. And the second case is that I don't know about what data is updated. Do do I? How to run whole rack pipeline, or because it's expensive doing that embedding and storing into the vector source. So so what would be the approach so that I can.
Sunny Savita: Awesome.
pranav suryawanshi: Oh!
Sunny Savita: So while you're designing a reg. Now this decouple, this both. 1st is a data, pipeline data ingestion, pipeline, and the second is the retrieval and the other generation. One. Okay. So the data embedding pipeline, you will have to run frequently.
Sunny Savita: Right? So what is our cost? What is our like the all the the entire cost and all whatever is coming. So analysis it at the 1st place. Okay? And then scale it according to that.
Sunny Savita: Got it. So because data ingestion, pipeline 1st ingest the data and then on top of it, you can retrieve. Then you can provide the same context to the Llm itself. Okay? So divide your rag architecture into this 2 way. Got it.
pranav suryawanshi: But even if some data is getting updated, then do I still have to embed whole the data.
Sunny Savita: Only the updated data.
pranav suryawanshi: And how can I do that? I mean.
Sunny Savita: Programmatically.
pranav suryawanshi: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, let's say you got you had a file with a hundred rows at the 1st place right now in that one again. Like a few more row has added, okay, but segregate the data or keep it apart from your previous data. Okay, logically, you will have to think over here right.
pranav suryawanshi: Okay, yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, now it's done. Now, Vishnath. Mahidar Vishnath, anyone is there? Please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Pranav is also there. So yeah, please, guys, go ahead.
Viswanathan Ganesan: You are able to hear me, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, wish not wait. Wait. Yeah. Vishnath, please wait.
Viswanathan Ganesan: My question is like Krishna was explaining about
Viswanathan Ganesan: the rag, right, you know, like, from the company's policies, we have to Update the rag frequently in those scenarios we are.
Viswanathan Ganesan: How do you know, like how frequently we have to update the rag database? Because assume that there is a policy in place we updated the rack. Maybe after a period of time the company will go out and make new changes into the policies. Right? How our system will come to know, like how frequently our vector database has to be updated.
Sunny Savita: Sir. Again, it is a very subjective question how I can answer for this question for any business or for any company. Tell me.
Sunny Savita: Like, okay.
Sunny Savita: let's say I, I let's say, let me ask you the same question. We have created one system for you. Okay, we have created one chat bot where you can ask all the Krishnai related krishna related question. And all right now, how frequently I need to Update my database. Please answer my question.
Viswanathan Ganesan: No, does it mean, like once we complement that the policy change? We have to go and refresh the.
Sunny Savita: No, it's not like this. The when see company policy is the one thing, right? Which is about the data. Okay, whether like it's a red data orange data where you can put it right, how frequently it's going to be update when you are getting how you are getting okay. Now, as a development developer, you have to think about it.
Sunny Savita: Okay, let's say the data you are getting on every 2 weeks. Let's say you release your 1st release, you have production as your 1st release. Okay. Now, in the second release, you have to update your database with some huge data. Again, with a new data. Okay, you will do that. So maybe every 3 months, 2 week, one week, right? Or such. Maybe you are doing subsequent release in a within a week itself. Okay, so account with that, you will have to update your database. So again, it is a very subjective question.
Viswanathan Ganesan: But both of them.
Mohit Sharma: Oh, Hi! Sunny good morning!
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, Mohit. So Pranav was there. Pramar? Pranav was Bhavan Kumar guys? Anyone is there? Please go ahead.
Sunny Savita: Pranav shuravancy, are you there?
Sunny Savita: Okay, you are done now, Mahidar? Sorry. One more was there. Pavan Kumar, Pavan Kumar, are you there?
Sunny Savita: Or you are also done.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Fine. Now, Mohit, please go ahead.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Oh! Hey!
Mohit Sharma: Yeah.
Mohit Sharma: so sunny. My question is related to the you know how you might have implemented so many, you know, kind of rags and like Llm. Based solution. But how do you validate those outputs from the you know any rag based solution or any Llm. Like? Is there any way where we can use Llm. As a judge like we change the prompt, and then we kind of validate the output, I mean, because it gets difficult, because every time it's coming
Mohit Sharma: slightly different, right? So how do we do that?
Sunny Savita: So see, sir, whenever you want to validate your output. Okay, so for that, actually, you should have the ground truth.
Sunny Savita: Right? So let's say you generated something now, how you will validate the generation! What is the precision of it? What is the accuracy of it? Right? So
Sunny Savita: for the validation, if you can create some ground data database. Okay, with the ground truth. Actually.
Sunny Savita: that would be the that would be great right now, if you want to learn about the validation. So just go and check with the ragas. Okay, that that framework is really good. You will learn a lot of like different different type of metrics. Okay? And how to create your ground database? How to create a database with the ground data. Right? What is the precision? Recall how you can calculate that relevancy, score the overall, score. Everything they have defined over there.
Sunny Savita: got it, and.
Mohit Sharma: What was the framework? Sorry?
Sunny Savita: Ragha, Ragha, RAGA.
Mohit Sharma: RAGA.
Sunny Savita: Correct. R-ga, okay, just search about the framework, raga framework. Even couple of more. Is there 2 lens, 2 lenses there? Ares, is there. Okay, so this framework will give you the comprehensive understanding of the evaluation part. But again, it depends. Use case to use case means
Sunny Savita: you cannot directly make a decision. Okay? On which basis we can evaluate the right pipeline, because, the generation is that one of the things which we are getting from the Llm. Now, how to evaluate the generation is again a challenge. Okay? So you should have some
Sunny Savita: truth ground truth only then only you can do that. Got it.
Mohit Sharma: Okay, okay, got it. And another question is from yesterday's session, right? The this Grock Api seems to be not working somehow, like I created it multiple times. And just, it's a simple thing I'm trying to run. But it says, that invalid Api key. So I created again. And.
Sunny Savita: No, no, generate a new key. Okay, and remove your all the caches and all from your system. First.st
Mohit Sharma: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Because what it is doing it is reading older Api key, and even I also face the same issue. I don't know the Grock is giving this issue very frequently. Okay, a new key. Delete all the previous key. Okay, and remove your cache and all everything, and then reload it again. You. It will work.
Mohit Sharma: Okay, okay, sure. I'll I'll try. Thank thank you.
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, Chen May. I'll come to you, Maida. What's your question? Please go ahead. Yeah.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Can you hear me right.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Yeah. Sorry.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Maida.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Explicit.
Sunny Savita: Your voice is very low. Please speak loudly.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Better.
Sunny Savita: No, it's still. It is low.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Let me disconnect my headset. Sorry.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, yeah. Meanwhile, Shinma, you can go ahead.
Chinmayi  : ): Yeah, I have a question on the Chatbot discussed today. Actually, if we have for a company, right? If we have a certain organizational data. And we have our own question set, then how will the Llm. Help here? And how will the rag or finance? I actually, I'm confused with the fine tuning and drag concepts there.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
Chinmayi  : ): Oh!
Sunny Savita: What what the requirements!
Sunny Savita: Sorry.
Chinmayi  : ): No, if we have an organizational data like Hr. Policies, or I want to search on my leave policies in the organization, then how will the Llm. Or rag help here?
Chinmayi  : ): Because.
Sunny Savita: So, yeah.
Chinmayi  : ): We have, we have our own vector store where we have. The question set and answers, right? So will rag be rag or Llm. Be able to help here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So, ma'am, 1st of all, you will have to understand that what is like a use case. Okay, if you're gonna use the Llm for what you want to use. Right? What you want to generate. Okay, so you have a policies, data, whatever data right? And you want to be, create one right pipe on top of it, for sure you can do it. You can start with a simple Pocs. Okay? And with that you can understand your requirement clearly. Right? You can do some spike activity on top of it means
Sunny Savita: store the data, pass it to the Llm. Generate something. Whatever you want to ask to the Llm. Define the question. Set okay, and give the proper instruction to the Llm. Whatever you want to ask, right? So before starting with any use, case or problem, the like, the tech architect. And all, 1st of all, we'll have to understand the requirement. So gather out the requirement, create one Poc, okay? And then scale that Poc to the production. That's the best way of doing it.
Chinmayi  : ): Yeah, okay, but today, Crystal discussed on Chatbot, right? Creating a. So how is the rack applied there? So I I actually, I'm confused. In the example. He discussed.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So if you don't have any idea regarding rec.
Sunny Savita: I would suggest, you can go and check with my Youtube channel. I explain it from very scratch. Right?
Sunny Savita: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah. If you want, I can give you the link also of the video, or else you can do.
Chinmayi  : ): Yes.
Sunny Savita: You can check out with the name of Sunny Savita, sunny Savita rag. Okay, I created around 40 to 45 videos regarding the rag multi-model rag advanced rag, basic rag.
Sunny Savita: every kind of rag I kept there.
Chinmayi  : ): Okay.
Sunny Savita: So you will get a very good understanding of the Rec.
Chinmayi  : ): Okay. Okay. Thank you, sir. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Oh, kitchen is done!
K Pavankumar: Let me know!
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Mahita, you are audible.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Yeah, yeah. One basic question is in yesterday's session, right? When we were actually creating a chain. One thing I noticed is unlike all other imports for the chain. We actually didn't do any import, and even while defining we did not use any constructor. On the contrary, we straight away gave prompt pipe model pipe. Whatever it is, right is this because there are any implicit libraries that are interpreting what the chain is automatically, how did that work.
Sunny Savita: So earlier. The chaining concept was related to the some predefined classes and link chain. Okay, like. Llm chain, Llm. Stuff chain. Llm. Sequential chain. Okay. Now, Langshone has modified that thing in a recent version of it. So here's they have created one common interface for the chaining. That interface is called the Runnables.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So when you are going to be import that run ables. And if you're going to use the component, the different different component, right with the pipe operator. So automatic the training is going to be happen. And automatically, the run ables is going to be created. So this is some internal mechanism of the luncheon. Okay, if you want to understand it in a better way, I would suggest you go and check out with the run ables.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, there is a so many type of renewables, I think, has given you that code itself. It's open source code. And that is a very huge code, even. Again, if you will, if you want to check it out, the rag and all you can feel free to check out with my Youtube channel. Okay, I created a very comprehensive detailed playlist on Lcl and chaining and all everything. Got it?
Sunny Savita: Because here yeah, here, maybe we'll not cover that part in the live.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: No, I understood. I I agree. I mean, I'm not expecting to go in detail. I'm just trying to understand if it's a specific feature of Python, or the library itself, which is actually smart enough.
Sunny Savita: It's a feature of the library itself which have been coded in the back end. You are using abstract form of it. That's it.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Understood, understood, and regarding. I'll not go super deep. But I'll try to put a very basic use case that anybody could correlate to. Let's say, within the organization, we are actually building a financial Chatbot. Okay, let us say, like they are giving us some retirement benefits. So these retirement funds can actually be invested in, say like so and so, mutual funds, or index funds, or whatever so.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: So information about those phones can probably be available over the Internet. Now, let us say, our organization might actually be contributing, like 2 X, your salary, or like 2 X, your contribution, whatever it is, these policies are very, very specific to
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: us. Okay, now, the 3rd part is the live data of that particular index funds, or maybe the mutual funds which could be like ₹100 yesterday, and maybe they become 1 50 today it's possible that the models over the Internet, they might actually give a general idea of what these funds are and what these stocks are. They may not necessarily have the live data and the policies. What we have are internal to our organization. Now, live data is completely live, correct, right?
Sunny Savita: I mean.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Now for the second part, I understand that we create an we create a rag which will basically only focus on our internal data. But the 1st question is in the end, do we host the data? Or do we actually push it somewhere? That's 1st question. The 3rd part, second part is that live data? Whatever we have? I mean, like just going through these sessions, does it fall under Mcp context or somewhere else?
Sunny Savita: Hmm. So for this one what you can do, you can create an agentic flow. Okay, see this your architecture. Whatever project you are talking about. Right? So you can manage one database also, right? With whatever information you have the static information, or whether it's getting frequently Updated.
Sunny Savita: And on top of it, apart from this one, you can create one the complete agent architecture. So what that agentic architecture will do. So the tool will be one of the part. Sorry retriever will be one of the tool. Okay? And then, whatever we are going to be, fetch your data in a real time, from whatever Api or from whatever server. Right? You can configure that part also as a single tool.
Sunny Savita: So Llm. Will take the decision. Okay. So as a fallback, it will keep the database. Okay, as a result, or in a real time, only it will fetch the data from the Api.
Sunny Savita: getting my point.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So you have to use the tool capability over here, the tooling capability, the agentic capability. And this kind of solution is possible using the agentic flow as well as the multi agent flow, got it.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Okay. But does rag still come into picture.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, rag. See if I'm saying rag. So rag could be a part of the agenting flow itself.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Like, how? Many. Okay, yeah.
Mahidhar Chaluvadi: Yeah, thanks for clarifying. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Manee says Mahidar is done. Now, RAM, please go ahead with your question. RAM.
Ram: Hello, sir, yeah, thank you for. Thank you very much. Sir, my question is like, I am building a text to SQL. Chatbot. And when I use the normal language, my response time is less. But if I use the agent S. Create SQL. Agent from the.
Ram: So in that case my time is very high, and then when I saw it it, I found that it is creating table for every prompt.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, so how can reduce that time?
Sunny Savita: So, okay, just tell me why this time is high based on your analysis. Tell me why.
Ram: So it is. It is. I'm getting the prompt that create table for my table, and my table is a little bit bigger, like, you know, it has.
Sunny Savita: No, that that's fine. I can understand that. Okay, whatever data and all. But it is having a multiple iteration.
Ram: Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So you need to work on that iteration only. So whenever we are working with the agentic flow, the main thing is what the iterating how many time it is iterating.
Ram: Okay.
Sunny Savita: From this agent to that agent, from this agent to sorry, from this Llm to that tool. Okay, so you need to monitor that iteration there. Only you need to put some constraint. Okay? And according to that, you can reduce the latency of it.
Ram: Okay, thank you. And one thing I observed that when I was using Gemini 2.5,
Ram: it does not allow me to update the database. But when I change model to Gemini to to flash, so it updated the database.
Sunny Savita: Database is this relative to the model? I don't think it.
Ram: Means like when we generate query, then then it will analyze the query whether it has updated statement or not.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Ram: So then, if it has update statement, it will give me the error message that we are not able to update the database. We we can just query the database.
Ram: But when I use the gemini 2.5 order it gives the it. It doesn't allow me to update the database. But when I use 2
Ram: 2 model so older model. So you get the database directly.
Sunny Savita: How you are updating the database.
Ram: So I I write, I create a chat board, and I I write the query that I want to update delivery number for these orders. Any.
Sunny Savita: Programmatically how you want to update that Llm is not having a capability to update a database. It can only give you the answer that generated answer.
Ram: We generate to query, and then we have to.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Ram: Ticking query right.
Sunny Savita: Hmm. So let let's say you got a query. Okay, now for updating a database. There is any manual code like any exit.
Ram: Query, chain, agent.
Sunny Savita: So.
Ram: You have created a tooling set. Right?
Ram: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Just do one thing, just drop me like a tub link or something. If you have okay, I'll check the code.
Ram: Okay, thank you. And final question is, oh.
Ram: sorry. Yeah, thank you. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Okay, guys. Tanmeh, Vigneshwar and Swati. Anyone is there? Please go ahead. Yeah. Tanmeh.
TANMOY PAL: I see Hi sunny morning, which morning the thing is 2 things I have
TANMOY PAL: like, one thing is like, I was like, when you you guys are like teaching about vector, TV. And all this. So I was reading. And
TANMOY PAL: what another another option for that knowledge graph? Right?
TANMOY PAL: So can you a bit? It's like, tell me, what is the difference between knowledge graph and how it is different from the vector, giving
Sunny Savita: Knowledge knowledge graph, actually what it is doing, it is going to be create a graph. Okay? So whenever we talk about the SQL based database. So we have 4 kind of sequel. No, SQL, based database. Okay, no sequel. First, st we can store the data in the form of document means you can create a Json document.
Sunny Savita: Second, you can keep your data into the key and value. Right? 3, rd basically, there is a columnar family, right? One kind of data model that also, you can keep the data. The 4, th basically, it's a graph based database. Okay, so from your data data set itself. You can create a graph. You can create a node and the entity. Sorry you can create a node. Okay? And the edges.
Sunny Savita: And you can make a connectivity between your like the different different entities. Okay, let's say I am sunny. Okay, who is a sunny, sunny is a mentor. Sunny is a generative engineer, Sunny is a human being. Right? So with me, right to me, there is 3 things associated, 3 properties associated.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So likewise, you are going to be creative graph
Sunny Savita: getting my point. So yeah, vector, database simply, you are going to be, keep creating an embedding of your data. Again, you are keeping into the vector database. Right in graph database, you are going to be, create that particular what? The relationship?
Sunny Savita: Okay with the entity and the property. Okay? And with that particular entity and property are going to be, retrieve your information. So neo. 4 J. Has published very good article with the link and itself. And I have also created one video on top of this graph database. If you are willing to check, you can check out, or you can directly. Search Sunisa with a Neo, 4. J, okay, neo, 4 j length. And you will get that video.
Sunny Savita: Okay, usually, you can understand how we can create a graph database, and after creating this graph, and how it is being converting into the embedding also at the end.
Sunny Savita: Oh, got it.
TANMOY PAL: Yeah, like, sunny like we have. I think, some some
TANMOY PAL: something for the vector, Tvs, like super base is also there, right that I was reading. And also you told our new 4G, right? So what you told that knowledge graph is kind of on top of that vector database. Or it is entirely different.
Sunny Savita: Vector database is a simple data, vector right? But graph database, 1st graph
Sunny Savita: segregating a knowledge in the form of graph. Okay, and then it is being associated with the embedding.
TANMOY PAL: Basically key value. Here it is assigning, and it is
Sunny Savita: Not a key value.
TANMOY PAL: Click on the nodes.
Sunny Savita: Correct. Correct, that's all.
TANMOY PAL: Okay, okay, so like, can we can we implement that it in using any certain tool like na, 10 or something? Or just, we have to port the entire.
Sunny Savita: That's a different thing. That's a database part ingestion, part. Okay, knowledge graph or like knowledge base, you are going to be create right? So that comes into the ingestion. It is apart from this edit, and all for sure. You can integrate that knowledge graph into your rack, pipeline. That is possible. But that is a decoupled one separate thing.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so specifically, you have to look into it. We should have a knowledge of the cipher query for that new 4 J graph databases. Okay?
TANMOY PAL: So we we are like like covering in that that thing here in this.
Sunny Savita: No, no, we are not going to cover, but we'll cover in the racked scores. Okay, not in this agentic course. Okay.
TANMOY PAL: Okay, okay? And my second question is that like, basically like, what? We are building, we are building.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
TANMOY PAL: We have our trained data models. So basically what we are doing like, we have a server like using fast data. We are
TANMOY PAL: kind of using our like preten models, local models, right?
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
TANMOY PAL: So what I'm asking like how we can like, I know, like there are. If if directly I can embed the Llms. It can be used. But let's say, if I want to use multiple tools and multiple Llms into a certain certain point with my local
TANMOY PAL: local model. So I know the Mcp can be used for for Llms. And the tools if the support is there. But how I can embed my local models there.
Sunny Savita: Local model wise, you can load the model. Okay? And you can create one routing kind of process. Okay, so let's say, for any specific task which model you want to route. So I can give you the best example, let's say, have you used a chat gpt free version.
TANMOY PAL: Gpt free version. Yes, by you.
TANMOY PAL: So. But yeah.
Sunny Savita: Not Api free by the chat gpt application only. So if you are chatting with your chat, gpt right? So it is, giving answer to the Gpt. 4, right. But after some time, maybe after 2025 min, it is routing to the next model. They are saying, Your free limit. X over. Now, you can use this model. Okay, so similar to that, you will have to create a routing mechanism for any sort of a different different model. Okay, with respect to the database. Also, you can do this thing with respect to the
Sunny Savita: embedding model, and even for the Llm model. Also. Okay, so just search this term how to create a routing for the different different Llm model. You will get some code. You can implement that inside your project.
Sunny Savita: Pardon.
TANMOY PAL: Okay, fine and my final is like, is there any like? Because i 1 once I have used the Chat Gpt. Api key. Previously that time it was kind of I was able to able to do in the free tire. But like from yesterday I was trying like getting into some free tire account. So I'm not getting so. Is there any particular model which is free?
TANMOY PAL: 4 4 point O is like 4 0 is mini like 4 0 is roughly.
Sunny Savita: Like, see if you want to use the free model. Now, the best is a grok hugging face. Grok. Okay, the second thing, the 3rd one. Basically, you can use the Google chimney model also. But it they will give you, I think, 15 days of trial now with some basic modem only, okay, so free. Wise. Go with the grog, go with the hugging face, and if you are doing some good work right, so keep one open a account with you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so add some dollar over here. Let's say 20 to $15, and it will work for you for the entire month. Got it.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Nageswararao Anumolu: Hi! Sir!
Sunny Savita: Wait. Swati was there. Swati Gupta! Can you go ahead, please?
Swati Gupta: Yeah, thank you, sir. So, sir, I have few questions from the today's class. So I was saying about, you know, we have to annotate the data for Chatbot. So I want to understand what is the best suitable format for you know, creating that particular data annotation for our chat bot, and how do we basically, you know, create it from scratch, like from business to, you know, technically transferring a suitable for QA.
Sunny Savita: Ma'am. See, nowadays, whatever model we are using it's a generation, model hmm
Sunny Savita: whatever llm based model okay, so according to that only you will have to format your data. So it is not like this. The earlier models. We were using the board and the T 5 right? So
Sunny Savita: in Nlp, in a language based task, we have a several tasks translation.
Sunny Savita: summarization. Right? We have a like question. Answer, generation. Okay? So what we were doing 4 to 5 year back. We were creating a specific corpus of the data. Right? So let's.
Swati Gupta: Yes.
Sunny Savita: To do the text classification. So we have a question. And with respect to that, we have a classes got it.
Sunny Savita: Now the thing is different.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so every data you are going to be format in a gen, the generation format how that the Llm model will pick up. With respect to the generation. Okay? So
Sunny Savita: well
Sunny Savita: for that. What I would suggest you try to check out with the hugging face, hugging face is open source platform where they kept some database. Not one many databases. Okay, data sets. Basically regarding the Llama Mistral deep seek. Okay regarding the Gemini Openai with respect to everything, and they have some leaderboard also. So there you can analysis some database data set. Okay, and check in which format they have created question, is there? Answer is there, then
Sunny Savita: complete the combined column is also there. Okay.
Swati Gupta: This is for rack use case. You are telling me.
Sunny Savita: This is, I'm telling, for the fine tuning use case, the retraining you were asking. But for the rag it is different. One for the rag. Actually, you will have to do the embedding.
Swati Gupta: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: So that's what my suggestion. Here, see, guys, if you're learning a agents. Okay, that's fine. But before that, understand about the Llms. Yesterday I was talking about the complete AI Stack. Okay? So in the complete I stack what all thing comes Llms. Fine tuning rag. Okay? So once you will learn all this thing. Now you will be able to understand this agent in a more, better way.
Sunny Savita: Okay, how we can use this agent. What is the use of this agent? Because if you will look into the hierarchy, okay, let's say there is a machine learning. Then there's a deep learning. Then generate AI. Now inside the genit. AI. Again there is a rag, then, agent. So agents come at the last. Before that. There are so many things. So, guys. That's why, I'm saying, if you can do some work around regarding the Llm. Fine tuning and this rag and all, it would be great. Okay? Because I can see most of the question related to that only.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Swati Gupta: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: So yeah, ma'am, my.
Swati Gupta: Because I I was asking about drag use case and embedding. Even if we have to create embeddings we need to have the
Swati Gupta: question and answer specific to.
Sunny Savita: No, not there, not there. Okay, there, actually, you will just store your data. And dynamically, you will ask a question to the Llm. Okay.
Swati Gupta: Okay, okay. And another thing was, I have heard about, you know, prompt injection.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Swati Gupta: Right, even with the latest models like Lama 4. And Gemini. They they, you know, sometimes prompted very harshly. They do, you know, give back you the code. There are researches around floating around that. So how do we, basically, you know, save our Chatbot or the applications we we are making from these.
Sunny Savita: You want to be up to date with the model? Right? The model, whatever models are coming. Is it.
Swati Gupta: No, no, not with the model. How to save our application or Chatbot from the prompt injections. Or let's say, there is any sensitive data. They hackers try to, you know, basically prompt the model in such a way that it will give you the
Swati Gupta: secret codes. Something like that stored back.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Swati Gupta: So how do we save our application.
Sunny Savita: Ma'am, for that. See? That could be the compliance issue, right? The safety. And all right. On a multiple level. You can do that.
Swati Gupta: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Okay
Sunny Savita: on a prompting. Also, you can do that on a prompting level right? And while you are configuring your model from the different platform at that time. Also, you can configure some parameter over there right with respect to the model, that it will not pick up any it will not give any like unnecessary like answers, or it will protect your data. Okay, the compliance is related, issue and all. Okay. So.
Swati Gupta: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Someone is also suggesting the guardrails. Right? So you can wow
Sunny Savita: about the guardrails, right? Regarding the model, what could be there? Okay, so I have done that I had done on a prompting level. And the reasoning model is enough capable to understand that. Okay.
Swati Gupta: Okay, yeah, so yeah.
Sunny Savita: We can talk more about it as we go ahead. But yeah, at this level, right? Just explore by yourself. What would be that. But if you can like work on the prompting and all, I think that would be fine. Okay, on a starting level.
Swati Gupta: Okay, sir, okay. And sir, was saying about, you know that he he said, this one statement that, you know, we can we have to restrict the Llms to answer only our company specific questions. And how could we do that?
Sunny Savita: Company, specific question, means, sorry.
Swati Gupta: Like when you are building a chat. Bot of course, the Llm. Can answer in multiple ways on multiple questions, even if it is not related to the organization. So how do we restrict that just by prompt.
Sunny Savita: So how you will restrict that again. Like, you can define the prompt only right? Because how we are passing a context in the form of prompting correct. So define the system, prompt, define your user, prompt in such a way that it can pick dynamically. Yesterday only I was talking about the prompt library. Okay? So.
Swati Gupta: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: You should maintain one prompt library and according to task, you need to pick up that dynamically. You need to pick up that got it.
Swati Gupta: Okay, problem level. Sorry I didn't.
Sunny Savita: Prompt libraries. Nothing just to keep your entire prompt at a single place and dynamically align the prompt with respect to your question and task. That's it. Okay.
Swati Gupta: Okay, okay, sir. And my last question, just how do we use slms on our local or even, for you know, some small classification tasks. What slms are best? Or should I just rely on Olama and Lm. Studio? Or is there any better platform for that.
Sunny Savita: For downloading it downloading the model in a local right? So Olama, hugging face. Lm, studio, right? These are the best one. Lm. Y. Slm. Wise. I have used one only so far. That was a good 1. 5. Phi. Okay from the Microsoft. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Or I would suggest you use the quantized model from the hugging face.
Swati Gupta: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, that would be great, ma'am.
Swati Gupta: Okay on aws, only you would say that
Swati Gupta: aws or other cloud platforms that would be great even to use for slms right.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Slm, if it is giving me the good accuracy means the it is fulfilling your requirement. Use that. Okay. Otherwise. If your requirement. High means you want to generate accurate answer, and all, then use some good reasoning based model
Sunny Savita: cotton.
Swati Gupta: Okay, sir, because sometimes slms do give a very big answer. Right? So how do we restrict that particular? You know, answering window for that
Swati Gupta: just right.
Sunny Savita: That, ma'am. Instruction is one of the thing. Okay, how we are providing instruction to the model that matters a lot.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Swati Gupta: Okay, sir, that's all. Thank you very much.
Sunny Savita: No.
Satish: Hi. Sydney.
Sunny Savita: I assume. Oh, oh, yeah, hello, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: This is done, guys. I'm no no Satish is not done, I think. Okay. Satish is not done
Sunny Savita: what is done. Wait, wait, guys, let me call her name Vigneshwar is done right. Vigneshwar.
vigneshwaran: Also.
Sunny Savita: Okay, you are not done. Satish, is there? Okay? Satish? And then Pawan Kumar and Vigneshaw. Yeah, Satish, please go ahead.
Satish: Yeah, so actually sunny, I have to create one chat. Okay, so we have a document. Okay, Pdf, document. But the problem is that, Mac, those documents I cannot share with the Llm. Because those are the credential and those we are receiving from our customer. Okay? So, as Chris told that we have a vector
Satish: this one, a vector database.
Satish: Yes. So locally, we can store it. And then, after we can get some information from document. Because that document, that Pdf is a too much size. Okay, 30. MB, 40, MB, 50. MB, okay, so it's very difficult to go manually and read that.
Satish: Got that information. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Satish: So can I use that rag, and we can prepare a chatbot, and then, after we can get the information or whatever is required. But I don't want to use that Llm.
Sunny Savita: Only retriever pipeline, you are saying you don't want to be used earlier. Correct.
Satish: Correct. Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: So create a retriever, pipeline.
Sunny Savita: Only don't pass your data to the other level.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Satish: Okay? So directly I will get information from that. Pdf, correct, there will be not involvement for that element.
Sunny Savita: Llm. Actually, it is providing you the the rephrase. Answer. Okay, the context. Full answer.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Getting my point. But only only retriever will provide you the as it is data from the Pdf, that's it.
Sunny Savita: If you are okay with that, let's say, you ask any question to the Pdf. And just provide you the relevant chunk from there. It's fine. But if you want a proper, meaningful contextual rephrase, answer, then you will have to use the Llm. There, got it.
Satish: Okay. But in case of context, if we will get some information from Pdf, then maybe I don't know where what it means our data is going to be used by the Llm. So
Satish: there will be not any misuses will concern with you.
Sunny Savita: Configure Llm. On your local. No? On your local system. Okay, it will not go out
Sunny Savita: pull the Rnlm. On your local, and then do the chatting and all with that.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Satish: Okay, so that we can do correct locally, we can upload it locally.
Sunny Savita: Awesome.
Satish: Llm. In my local correct.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Satish: And second question is done yesterday.
Satish: so can we get a solution from your side as well, so that we can compare what logic you are doing.
Sunny Savita: Solution. Wise. We will check. Okay, we can provide you that. I'll have to check that.
Satish: Wow!
Sunny Savita: Bye.
Satish: So that I can compare with my logic.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, okay, I will check that. Okay. Satish.
Satish: Okay. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Don't go.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Vignesha. And then Pauban.
vigneshwaran: Hello!
vigneshwaran: Sir, I have a question regarding the multi multimodal drug. Sir.
vigneshwaran: In the multimodal drug only the the embedic techniques are different, right? The retrieval mechanism is always the same right.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, embedding technique is different. You will have to embed
vigneshwaran: Different types of.
Sunny Savita: Different type of data, different modality and all that's it.
vigneshwaran: Okay, is there any technique for ready to
vigneshwaran: embed all the images? Pdf, logs, etcetera.
Sunny Savita: Directly you can embed the images embedding models. Are there? Okay?
vigneshwaran: I mean all, all of the all types of documents in one technique. Is there any.
Sunny Savita: You will have to use a different models actually embedding image embedding model generally. It is not open source one either. You will have to use from the vertex, the vertex. Ci, okay, or hugging face. It gives you one model clip model. You can use that even for the text as well as the image. Okay, one single model you can use for both.
Sunny Savita: See? An IP model. Okay.
vigneshwaran: Okay. So so we are using chatgpt, right?
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
vigneshwaran: In that we can upload a Csv file or Pdf.
vigneshwaran: Or image. We can ask questions like right? Is that also similar to rack or.
Sunny Savita: Correct. It is similar to the right means. We'll have to create our own pipeline for that. Okay, it is possible.
vigneshwaran: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
vigneshwaran: Is it mandatory to use offline model for.
Sunny Savita: Offering model means.
vigneshwaran: To run locally for privacy concerns, we should, we should always run locally or.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, no, you can configure it locally, or else you can configure over the cloud as well. Cloud provide you the security. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Okay, so, yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Use the trusted cloud service like like azure or aws, or the this digital ocean and all. Then you will get a proper security over there.
vigneshwaran: Yes, latest models are available only in cloud servers, right? Only old models are available for local.
Sunny Savita: Local wise. Again. Olama again, hugging face and all. From there you can download that model. Those models.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
vigneshwaran: Yeah, okay, so thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Now, just a second pawan. Kumar, are you there?
K Pavankumar: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yes, you know.
Sunny Savita: Please go ahead. Paban should love it. Paban Kumar, please go ahead.
Nageswararao Anumolu: Hello, sir! I'm waiting still.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah. That's why I call it. Please go ahead.
K Pavankumar: Yes.
K Pavankumar: So actually, I'm building a rack system using the car manuals.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
K Pavankumar: As a knowledge base. So the manuals contains the both the text data and also the images.
K Pavankumar: So I want to return the relevant images based also with the text, by the by, the user queries.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, like.
K Pavankumar: Is there any techniques like techniques are ways to do? Do like that?
Sunny Savita: Rag on the multimodal data. No? Right? So regarding a multimodal data, I have created one playlist. Okay, multimodal rag only how to fetch the images, how to create a rag pipeline on top of it. Okay, how to summarize that, how to keep it inside the vector database? Bs this base encoding. And all right.
Sunny Savita: all the thing is there. Just follow one of the playlists. Okay, I'm sharing the link of it. It will resolve your most of the doubt. Okay. Still you have. Then you can ask me in the next class got it.
K Pavankumar: Yes, so can we also, show the images related to the query.
Sunny Savita: Yes, you can showcase the images related to the query. You can rebuild it. Okay, you can again decode the image, or else like you can directly fetch it from the vector, database. Both is possible. Okay.
K Pavankumar: Yeah. Thank-. Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Just a second. I'm providing you that link of the playlist. Okay? So if you want to deep dive into the multi model using the unstructured library I had created it. Election provide you one library, that is, for unstructured using that you can pass the Pdf. Doc Ppt. Anything with a multimodal data. Okay? So.
Sanjay: Hello!
Sunny Savita: Oh, wait, wait, give me a moment. Okay, let me share guys give me a second. I'm getting one call. Okay.
sanjeev: Oh, my God!
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So now I can take the doubts. Just a second. Let me call the next wait, for one is done.
Nageswararao Anumolu: Sir, I am waiting since long you unmuted me.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Yeah. Nageshwa, I'm coming to you. Okay. Okay. Nageshwar, Raj and Sanjeev guys, anyone is there? Please go ahead.
Nageswararao Anumolu: Hello, sir! Can I continue.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Yeah. Please. Please. Go ahead.
Nageswararao Anumolu: So in today's class, actually, Christian explained about different loading techniques, right? Like Pdf loader from text files, web basic loaders and all. So I have a query regarding that. Say, for example, once we load any Pdf document using any 5 Pdf. Loader or anything
Nageswararao Anumolu: so loaded is there any mechanism to evaluate where it loaded all the data from the Pdf file?
Nageswararao Anumolu: So actually, we cannot say if an Api is working in right. Is there any evaluation we can do whether it's loaded? The complete data from the Pdf process.
Sunny Savita: Loading. See? After loading, you want to evaluate that? Everything is getting loaded or not. Is it.
Nageswararao Anumolu: The correct link.
sanjeev: Yeah, what's the point?
Sunny Savita: Sanjeev, please mute yourself. Sanjeev.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So your question is like, after loading, you want to valid everything is there or not. Right? So in that case, what you can do. See if your data is not to use right? So manually, you can check out that.
Sunny Savita: Okay, see, whenever you are going to be store your data. So that is not a Llm based approach.
Sunny Savita: It's your own deterministic approach, the coding based. Approach. Okay, how you are going to make a chunks right? How you are going to be like, load your data. Okay, over there inside the vector database. So
Sunny Savita: I think there are no need to evaluate anything. The evaluation part come where that comes inside the retrieval as well as the generation.
Sunny Savita: Okay? To be honest, I haven't here like, we are going to be evaluate the database. After storing our data, there means specifically the vector database.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Nageswararao Anumolu: Evaluation correctly. If I send. If I say that maybe just want to make sure that by Pdf. Loader loaded all the text from Pdf. Just to make sure it did not leave any pages in the last or in the middle from the Pdf.
Sunny Savita: It won't again. I'm saying so. This is a programmatic
Sunny Savita: right? So it won't leave that if you want to reverify it. Now, what you can do, you can go through the page. Content is specifically.
Nageswararao Anumolu: Oh!
Sunny Savita: Okay, the page content. Basically, it is going to be create right? Document. Got it.
Nageswararao Anumolu: Okay, okay, sir. Another question is, for example, for any basic rag implementation, right? Whether it can be native or agentic rag. So Langchain said that it is one of the famous frameworks. So and also Lama Index. Also, we can implement rag right? So, sir, in real life, which framework is better when compared with lang chain versus lama index in specific to rag implementation.
Sunny Savita: So let's see, both framework is having a good functionality. Okay, I have. I created 2 real time project. And in those project I have used the link share.
Sunny Savita: Okay, we haven't used a llama index there. But again, it could be a personal choice. Personal choice means company to company. It might vary, let's say you. The requirement came to you. Evaluate both of the framework you went through with the both framework to find out the complexities much more inside the llama index.
Sunny Savita: Right? The support is not good over there, the complexity is also there. The dependency is also there. It is getting changing frequently. You won't opt out that you will opt the stable version got it
Sunny Savita: right? So it is the same. See, I can give you a very good analogy. Let's say you went into the showroom. You have a 10 lack of budget. Right? You want to decide one car. I'm giving you option. You can decide either the Tata car or Mahindra car how you will do that. You will compare the feature of it
Sunny Savita: right in the same way. Both think both framework are doing the same thing, but on your own level you will have to decide the features right which feature is providing by which one right? So you you are now. I think you understood the analogy. Got it.
Nageswararao Anumolu: Yeah, it's good. And one last question, sir, regarding this knowledge graphs. Right? You were speaking some time back using neo 4G and cipher language, right? So that approach is alternative for the vector, database approach. Or it is like something we implement on top of vector, database.
Sunny Savita: It is our alternative of the vector database. Okay.
Nageswararao Anumolu: So instead of going to normal vector database, we can go through that new.
Sunny Savita: Graph knowledge, correct correct the graph based database.
Nageswararao Anumolu: Will it bring any advantages, sir, for our.
Sunny Savita: Might be more accurate.
Sunny Savita: compared to the normal vector database. Sometimes the vector database might hallucinate. But there, you might get some robust detail. Okay, while you are retrieving the data. Got it.
Nageswararao Anumolu: Okay, okay. So go to Syria. Thanks.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Oh, okay, no.
Sunny Savita: Raj, please go ahead.
Raj: Thank you. Thank you. Sunny, I was playing with creating a web page loading a web page.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Which page sorry.
Raj: A web page where we have a release of our products.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Krishna, you get me right.
Raj: No, no, it's a coda coda dot iu page.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, hmm.
Raj: We've been using that in our company to manage all of our releases for product.
Raj: I was trying to like, get the content loaded so I could create a chatbot based on it. That was my thought. There.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, hmm.
Raj: And when I use web pay web based loader.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Raj: It loads it, but then the content is not getting loaded. The metadata is loading, and then the content says the page needs Javascript to read it. That's the only content that I get.
Raj: yeah. Then I researched a little bit, and then, people are saying, I need to use playwright URL loader instead of web based because web based loader does not support.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Raj: And I've been. I've been trying playwright, and that is also not working for me. So I'm I'm.
Raj: I don't know which one to use to actually get the the Javascript enabled website to be loaded.
Sunny Savita: Javascript. Wise. See? I have one code of for it.
Sunny Savita: I was using it. For retrieving the e-commerce data. Okay, just check out. If we can use this particular code, I'm sending you the Github of it. Okay, wait.
Raj: Sure sure. Thank you, sir.
Sunny Savita: Okay, just a second. I'm giving you that.
Raj: Because I get multiple multiple things like it, says playwright and then.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, I got it like.
Sunny Savita: there are so many frameworks. And all right, playwright is nothing. It might be the alternative of the selenium. Only, okay, playwright works. Actually, even, I also written a code in the playwright for scrapping the data. Okay, just check out with this code. Or else I'll give you a few more options. Maybe I'll have to check it out. But okay.
Raj: Yes, I will! I will.
Sunny Savita: Interesting.
Raj: Do that. So is that the Youtube link that you sent.
Sunny Savita: No, no, I'm sending a Github link. Oh, I'm searching over my github. Only give me a moment.
Raj: No problem, no problem, no problem. Thank you. Thank you. And as you're searching, I had one more question, too. If the page needs authentication to log into before load.
Raj: Is this document loader support supporting that authentication.
Sunny Savita: That we'll have to check because
Sunny Savita: how to penetrate there. Maybe that's a different level of task. Okay.
Raj: Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Raj: Because I do have some.
Sunny Savita: Because I did the scrapping in one of my tasks, but it is like like, see, it's a while back right? So
Sunny Savita: second one. So.
Raj: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: You just.
Raj: But to.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, I will have to like refresh my concept also regarding the scrapping and all.
Raj: Absolutely, absolutely.
Sunny Savita: This is the code I given you. The chat itself.
Raj: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yup!
Raj: We see scrap data by.
Raj: So we are using selenium. Okay?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, selenium, beautiful soap and all. Okay, even we can use a playwright also, if you want, you will. Let's say, if you'll ask to the cloud or chat, gpt itself. Not just convert this code into playwright. It will do that.
Raj: Yeah, it did. So I was, I was actually using that code. But I'm still getting I'm still getting
Raj: it said, 1st I need to do like a weight loader Async load instead of the load.
Sunny Savita: Then that you can install the required supported package. Okay? And then, you can check out one. See? Someone is saying, browser is also good. See, you can check out with this browser. Also, the ninja share one link. Okay.
Raj: Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: So multiple suggestions. So, but anyone is going to be work perfectly right.
Raj: Okay. So far I've not been successful, but I will try others. If I am still not successful next week I'll ask.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, sure, fine.
Sunny Savita: Thank you very much. Appreciate it.
saikiran: Hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: My current place.
sanjeev: Jenny, again. Go ahead!
Sunny Savita: Is coming to the organ.
saikiran: Yes, so sunny. I have 2 questions. So 1st is, we are. When we are doing fine tuning. We are doing the fine tuning with respect to
saikiran: on our data.
saikiran: because, as the Llm. Is trained on very different kind of data or much number of data we are, we. We wanted to use it for our specific use case for our data. So we are fine tuning. So then for that, why we need to do again drag on top of that Llm. May know.
saikiran: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Rag. Basically, it is more towards to the generation. Okay, what you are doing while you are giving while you are retraining your model. Okay, so it might generate a correct answer. It might not generate. Be a correct answer. Right in rag. Actually, you are giving an explicit sorry. The explicit instruction to the model right by a prompt only generate like this, that okay, so there, actually, you can regulate your generation.
Sunny Savita: Tribute means according to your requirement. You can give the instruction to the model, and you can join it out.
Sunny Savita: getting my point. So maybe fine tune model is not able to understand in a better way. But if you are providing a more context with more data to your model, to any reasoning based model like the Gpt. 4 0. And all, it will be able to give you the good answer the good generated answer I can.
saikiran: And then on on top of that you don't need to do any drag, because.
Sunny Savita: No see.
saikiran: Yes. Good.
Sunny Savita: Fine tuning is just about the training sign current. Please understand? Okay, and rag, basically, what rag means. We have a very good model, right with a reasoning capability. And all
Sunny Savita: guys, please, please. Okay, otherwise I'll remove the access. So see what I'm saying.
Sunny Savita: But it wouldn't
Sunny Savita: are going to be retrained the model. Okay? So maybe with a specific instruction given from the basic model I'm talking about right? It won't be able to generate a good answer. We create a rag on top of some good reasoning based model, not on a basic model. Okay. See, whenever you are going to be create a rag. Try to choose some good model.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So that in order to retrain it and based on the given context, only, you can generate answer. That's it. That's a sole sort of idea. Okay.
saikiran: Okay, so my point here is, for an basic Llm, we, as it is not trained on our specific data, we are using a external data source of vector dB, right? So for our rag like that. Now, when we are doing specific training to our data set, then, external data source is not required. Kind of thing
saikiran: is my question am I correct? Or if we are doing fine tuning this this? External data source is not required. Right is my doubt. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, fine. If we are doing fine tuning that according to fine tuning, you have to prepare a data. Okay? Now, while see? On the on top of the fine tuning. Also, you can implement that rag architecture.
Sunny Savita: Okay, that is also possible.
saikiran: That's that I understood. But as we as the fine tuning is, has happened on the same data.
Sunny Savita: Meeting.
saikiran: Is it mandatory to connect to our database? Vector database like that is my.
Sunny Savita: You can see if your model is giving a good answer, then no need to do it. That's it.
saikiran: Okay, that is 1st question.
saikiran: Thank you.
saikiran: This has been answered. It's the it's all. It is all upon the accuracy or by evaluation.
Sunny Savita: Got it. Got it.
saikiran: At Llm. After fine tuning based on the evaluation. If we are getting no need of any rag, it depends on our evaluation matrix and our use case related thing.
saikiran: And that is answered. Thank you. And the other question is in regards to character text splitter we are using some character like a slash and or something to split.
Sunny Savita: And.
saikiran: In that also we are passing check size and check overlap.
saikiran: as as we are already giving a like a a splitter like slash. N, should we need to again pass this chunk size over there.
Sunny Savita: See chunk size. You need to pass it there, but it is ignoring that chunk size.
saikiran: Yes, that is actually happening the same. So I'm asking.
Sunny Savita: You? Yeah, you
Sunny Savita: yeah, you need to mention that with respect to the bigger data set. Let's say you just took up one single Pdf, okay? Or with a small data set, right? They are recursively, it's going to be split. The data based on that special character. Okay, it has formed one chunk. Now this, that chunk, basically, it might be bigger, that specific size, or it would be a lower. If it is lower, it will provide you as it is, if it is bigger than if it is bigger, right. Whatever number you are providing, then it will keep to that particular threshold, only
Sunny Savita: so better provide the chunk size. Got it.
saikiran: Can you come again, please? Sorry I.
Sunny Savita: I am saying. First, st it will give a priority to that special character.
saikiran: Oh, yes, it is giving that way only.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, but based on that special character. It has divided the data. Got it.
Sunny Savita: You got a chunk size, got it.
saikiran: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Provided by threshold. That's a 300 did you get?
Sunny Savita: Oh.
saikiran: Right now. Your chunk size is less than the 300.
saikiran: Huh? Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: Give you, as it is right, but less. The your chunk size is more than the 300. Okay.
Sunny Savita: no. So it will be on that threshold itself, the 300 itself.
Sunny Savita: Now I got.
saikiran: Okay.
Sunny Savita: For the.
saikiran: Don't stop!
Sunny Savita: Size is not, cannot be greater than up to 300. Okay.
saikiran: Change. Size should be less than that. Split value something it will automatically. It is doing right internally. We are not doing anything that change size that we pass is the minimum criteria that it is taking or what's happening based on that thing like. If you are telling new line
saikiran: is my character split, let us say 100 is my chunk size, and it is splitting around 600 500 400 like that. If it is less, let us say, for 90, 99. If it is there, it will not split right, it will go beyond only right. It will not split below that 100 right.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
saikiran: Am I correct this.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it is correct. It is little confusing. Do one thing, just try to test it out. Do one just take a bigger data and try it out on that or the smaller one. Okay, but whatever I given you it is perfect, and see. Don't keep chunk size in your mind. Keep the character in your mind, because based on the
Sunny Savita: only it is going to be split. That is.
saikiran: Yes, priority is that one only
saikiran: class also mentioned priorities, the character, and here overlap, even when we are, when you are giving slash as a new character, even this overlap will be maintained. Or how is this thing.
Sunny Savita: It will maintain. But again
saikiran: Oh!
Sunny Savita: On. If it is going to be meet that particular criteria, see if it is a smaller one. Let's say, if you are just given 5 line, and you are saying, just split on top of it.
saikiran: No, no, no! On on a general perspective. I'm asking you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah, it will maintain that on a general perspective means it will keep some tokens or the like the previous chunk itself, from the previous to the newer chunk. Actually, okay.
saikiran: So finally, you tell what you are going to convey. We need to mention change size.
saikiran: We mentioned the this split character also.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Otherwise it will take one by default. One. So I think by default. One is also there.
saikiran: 1,000 you mentioned in class I took from you you mentioned around 1,000 and
saikiran: default overlap is 200 like that you mentioned.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, so if you will check with their Api page. Now, there they have mentioned regarding all the parameter. Actually, okay. So you're not going to mention that now, automatically, it will pick up the chunk size.
saikiran: Okay, okay, so these are just as a mandatory parameters that we need to pass. But it will do based on the character only.
Sunny Savita: Correct, based on.
saikiran: Okay, then, thank you. Thank you. Sunny. Thanks for your.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Hi, Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Oh, sanjit!
Sunny Savita: So do you.
sanjeev: Yeah, I'm here. So I have few questions here. So first, st is that see? When I went through the class, right? So.
Sunny Savita: So.
sanjeev: We just took some tests, and then did a rag on top of that right.
Sunny Savita: Hmm, hmm.
sanjeev: But in document loader, we find several options. Right? We have, for example, Csv, is there normal document, is there? Json is there? Etcetera? Okay.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
sanjeev: And also when the querying we do right, the querying can be very different kinds of querying. Right? For example, in knowledge graph, for example, you have cipher query, so I'm seeing.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
sanjeev: Depending on what kind of data you are needing. Right? It's just not like, like, you're just asking a simple question that, okay, for example, say,
sanjeev: So where is this particular city, for example? You have very big database. Right? Isn't it? So? It depends on what kind of, for example, there might be some conversation related data available, based on which I'm trying to query, isn't it? So in that case, what it does is that okay? For this particular question, what are the answers? And I'll try to fetch the data based on that right, isn't it?
sanjeev: Or imagine that you have some set of resumes. Okay, based on which you are trying to provide some kind of criteria. And it has to fetch the data based on some criteria and give it to you. Right?
sanjeev: So I'm saying, in what kind? So what kind? What should be this yesterday also asked same question, what should be the structure of the input. Data. So how should we structured?
sanjeev: For example, should we create a Csv, should we create a Json? Should we create Xml, should we create normal? Just like as plain text document and convert it to Pdf for text like, how should we structure the input, data?
sanjeev: See embedding separate thereafter. Embed? That is separate. Okay? But how.
Sunny Savita: Their data, sir. Actually, you cannot structure that. Okay, the data. Basically, it's a subjective thing means as as it is like from what, where, whatever way, right, you will get it from business. You will have to consume in the same way from okay, from the business itself. Let's say what I'm doing. I'm managing my logistic right? I'm ahead of that. And I'm managing my entire database in the Csv.
Sunny Savita: Right? Let's say, regard according along with the Csv, I'm entering some invoices, Pdfs, and all correct. So I have a board type of data. Okay, now, you will have to think like, okay, this type of data I got now how I have to
Sunny Savita: basically in ingested inside the database getting my point. So that's why Lanchen has given you this much of loader. Why? Because.
sanjeev: Unique.
sanjeev: Sorry to interrupt you. But see, my question is, imagine that you have. You have the flexibility to structure the data. Okay, see if you go to Kaggle, you'll get multiple types of data set there. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
sanjeev: Imagine for a you can get a conversation with data. For example, you have a question answer kind of database. Also, you get right correct. So you can get in the Csv also, you might be lucky to get some Csv also, I'm just giving 2 separate things right.
sanjeev: Now imagine my end result is that to find out, okay, that based on this questions, what kind of answer should you get right correct now? So even in these 2 scenarios. Right? One is a con conversation with data you have, which is more like a Twitter data. Or you have right correct.
sanjeev: or you get a Csv, so how will you? How will you decide which is the best form of data which will work for this kind of a rag question? Answer.
Sunny Savita: So Rag, see? And user knows. Right? So what question needs to be asked to the rag? What do you think? What is a rag. 1st of all, tell me what kind of input data basically gonna provide to rag in. See? I think you are confused with the input from the user and input from the data ingestion. So which input you are asking from the user end or from the data ingestion side.
Sunny Savita: which one means user is asking a question, or as a developer, you are ingesting a data.
sanjeev: Okay, I'll reframe this. Okay, I'll reframe this. I'll reframe this. Okay, imagine that.
Sunny Savita: Just a bit, just a bit. See? Let me share the architecture of the rack. Not talk based on that.
sanjeev: No, no, no, let's not go there in see? Simple, right? So imagine that we are all buying items from big basket. I'm just giving you.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Okay.
sanjeev: Imagine that big basket is giving you entire list. Correct now. So.
Sunny Savita: No, no.
sanjeev: If you if a question, if someone is asking the question to you, okay.
sanjeev: tell me how much is one kg. Of wheat, I'm giving an example. Wheat you'll have several brand. Each of them will be in separate. Each of them will separate. For example, 5 brands will be there 5.
Sunny Savita: Cool.
sanjeev: This thing right now.
sanjeev: how would you prefer if they are read? Given 5 different formats also? You're fine, but what is the best form. Would you expect them to give you data thereafter? You ingest it? Whatever you want to do right, which is the best way, so would you expect them to give a Csv, so for example, someone say, Okay, I want to buy a user. Come, end user comes is okay. I want to buy this brand of wheat. Okay.
sanjeev: to be the cost. Right? So I think in this. In this case, for example, a Csv might be a better option because it is row wise, just like a columnar database. Right? Very simple, correct.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So you are asking on a user and only right how Rnlm being providing a data to the user?
Sunny Savita: Right? So, sir, that is all sort of a different case where there this loader will not place any role.
Sunny Savita: Okay, manually, you will have to write a code over there. I can explain you what I got your point. Now what you are saying, let's say I asked to the Llm. And how Llm is going to be basically structure, the data right while it is providing answer to the user, whether it's a Csv document. Ppt, or in whatever way correct, is it you are asking.
Sunny Savita: My understanding is correct. Right?
Sunny Savita: No, no, that is not what I am asking. See? Imagine if you are doing something of big basket. Okay.
Sunny Savita: okay.
sanjeev: Buses in.
Sunny Savita: Just a second. See, sir, I'm literally confusing with your requirement. What you want to ask I'm not able to get. I'm creating architecture in front of you. Okay, just a second.
Sunny Savita: So let's draw architecture.
Sunny Savita: Give me a moment. Okay.
Sunny Savita: yeah. So let's say, we have a big basket over here!
Sunny Savita: Hmm!
Sunny Savita: Now then, what.
sanjeev: So big basket has a has a data. Okay, data regarding its catalog. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
sanjeev: It has a data regarding catalog, right?
Sunny Savita: Oh! Oh!
sanjeev: So now that catalog, in what form should they provide it to you? I am the. I am a software developer. Right? I have developed for them. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Huh! Huh!
sanjeev: So how should we expect them to provide me data, the raw data
sanjeev: we should you tell them to give a text format.
Sunny Savita: How this data should be right, this data, it could be in any format. Okay, now tell me, what is the what could be the format of the catalog.
Sunny Savita: What do you think.
sanjeev: See, catalog could be anything he can provide an Xml. He can be Json. He can provide text file also.
Sunny Savita: So in whatever format they are going to be provide, you will have to consume in the same way. See, there is a 1 thing, let's say you are a developer.
Sunny Savita: Okay? And the data is coming into the Json format. Or let's say in a Csv format, okay.
Sunny Savita: so according to this particular type, you will have to design your pipeline. You will have to load your data.
Sunny Savita: You cannot say, Okay, let's say you are a developer. You cannot say to the business, okay, give me only the Txc format, because they don't know about the conversion and all. Now, what you can do in between like.
sanjeev: No, no, let me rephrase that. So now now I think we have comment. Okay, now you're saying it could be Csv, it could be Json. It could text also correct. Imagine.
Sunny Savita: No, but.
sanjeev: As an end user, right? As a developer or end user. I want that accurate data should be shared with me right? When I ask for a query as accurate data should be shared with me. Correct.
sanjeev: Now, big basket tells you that. Okay, tell me, in which form do you want? You want Csv or Json or Txt, I'll provide you any form you need. But I want my end user to get accurate data.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
sanjeev: So now my question is, in which form will you tell Big Basket to give you the data?
sanjeev: That is my question.
Sunny Savita: See, sir, as a developer, right? As a developer, I am prone to handle any kind of data. Okay, see, there is 2 possibility. I'm telling you 2 possibility. First, st let's say they are giving it to the txt.
Sunny Savita: Jason, or say, Csv, any any one of them? Right? I'm I'm telling you both of the possibility. Right? Or let's say, here is a Csv, okay.
sanjeev: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: Now it could be txt Json or Csv. Now, as a developer.
Sunny Savita: I am prone to handle any sort of a data in whatever format they are giving means. Business is saying.
Sunny Savita: I don't see. Business is saying to you, okay.
Sunny Savita: I can give you in any of the format. You have to handle it as a data, as a developer. Right now, this is the 1st scenario. Now, second scenario could be specifically, you are mentioning to the
Sunny Savita: business. Okay, see.
Sunny Savita: I can only handle the Doc XI can only handle the text txt. So upfront, you will have to say the requirement
Sunny Savita: getting my point. So
Sunny Savita: I work in one of the project. Okay, there. I was getting some reports right from the Pharma companies. So the report, basically, it was in 2 format.
Sunny Savita: 1st was a Doc. X, and the second was the Pdf, so we were getting a lot difficulty while we were dealing with the Pdfs.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So specifically, we have asked to the business. Can you provide the same data into the dockets?
Sunny Savita: Then they have provided a data into the docs because our pipeline were more towards to the docs, and we were easily able to pass this particular data for my end user, right? But there could be a possibility. The second scenario is maybe business is saying, no, I don't have a Docx data you will have to consume in a Pdf format so as a developer will have to redesign our code. We'll have to work more hard. We'll have to hire more developer to deal this kind of data
Sunny Savita: getting my point. So again, this is the subjected based on the scenario
Sunny Savita: businesses getting angry. Okay, so take this data. Business is not getting angry. As a developer. We'll find out some solution. That's it.
sanjeev: Okay? Great. Okay. My next question is like, see, you establish, you created a rack to get the answers right. Now, how do you establish the guardrails in this, for example, what are the parameters by which we can establish
sanjeev: one is the temperature, for example, right? But what are the what are the other guardrails you can establish so that it doesn't hallucinate. It doesn't give me wrong information which could lead to some security issues. Right?
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So see, I have done it on a different level. Right? So see, I have used the Gpt model when I was creating any sort of application right? So there. Basically, I handle it based on the configuration. Okay, I understood the configuration in a very well manner. And I provided those configuration to the model. Second, basically, I'd given the
Sunny Savita: the very compressive instruction to the model. Okay? And the 3rd thing, basically what I did, I mentioned the cache
Sunny Savita: to enter the consistency of the model. Also. Okay, sort of multiple ways. Basically, you can do it. But these are the very shallow level, or like anyone can do it in the 1st place, right? But then you can figure out the more ways of doing it. I think my point so either go with the configuration. But this is the best way. Define the prompting and all, and I think, based on this one.
sanjeev: What I'm saying, sunny, is that like, okay, what are the different attributes? For example, temperature is one right?
Sunny Savita: Cool.
sanjeev: But yeah, we just.
Sunny Savita: That? Is there.
Sunny Savita: Conversation.
sanjeev: Temperature is there. So I'm saying, what are the different attributes by which you can control the output? You can say that, okay, I need only for top one. Are you gonna need only top 5, something like that, right? So that basically.
Sunny Savita: No. See again, retriever, configuration is different and model configuration is different temperature. Top K, top, P value, right? So that that.
sanjeev: Retriever.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, that particular you will find out inside the Api itself. Let's say, if you're going to read model from any Api there, you can check out that. But the retrieval configuration would be a different okay, that's whole sort of a different story. Got it so export that I think you will get.
sanjeev: Okay, I have another scenario. So today we discussed that we are just uploading, say, 4 or 5 documents. Whatever. Right? Imagine I have a scenario wherein I'm uploading the 20 resumes. Okay, right? And I want to get only those resumes which are passing certain filter. Right? I'll say, okay, this much experience. This is the Ca, this is the kind of knowledge this person should have right this location. He should be from correct. So how do you think we can create the rag for this.
Sunny Savita: Use the filter.
sanjeev: What are the filters? You can pass in the filter. Huh!
Sunny Savita: Filter means use the pre filtering post filtering in a vector database itself. There is option of the filtering of the data. Okay, here, it's just just a matter of filtering the data, right? So you can decide on which parameter into filter out the data. And in whatever way you have arranged data right? It will give you the output based on that only.
sanjeev: Okay. Okay. Thanks.
Santosh: Yeah.
Vijay: Hey, Mike.
Santosh: Which is.
Sunny Savita: Just a second guys, I think Sanjeev is done now.
Sunny Savita: Lady, was there?
Sunny Savita: Oh, Perth, right, Perth, are you there?
Sunny Savita: Perth is not here. Okay, Neeraj, are you there, Neeraj.
Neeraj Singla: Yeah, yeah, I'm here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Please. Hold.
Neeraj Singla: Yeah, so sunny, I have 2, 3 questions.
Neeraj Singla: 1st one is related to lag. I have a data which presentations data which is converted into Pdfs. Now, this data has not just images with text, but also charts like.
Sunny Savita: Bye.
Neeraj Singla: Chart, time series, chart and bar chart, etc. So I want to know how to go out with such kind of data where Llm. Has to understand these charts as well to get the answer to the user? Or is it even possible that Llms can understand these insights.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Llm can understand this inside. So while you are restoring your data, you can put one more layer in between. Give those images to the Llm Llm will. Like analysis, those image. It will create one summary. Okay, and that somebody will be kept inside the vector. Database in the form of embedding.
Sunny Savita: you know.
Neeraj Singla: Okay? And for this, we have to like, use some kind of image loader splitter, or something like that.
Sunny Savita: Not a mail order the main idea to extract the images from the document and give it to the model. That's it.
Sunny Savita: Got it? Yeah.
Neeraj Singla: Okay? And second question is, do we have some site where we have domain specific models as well, for example, not really
Neeraj Singla: particular use case. Maybe I would like to have a model which is trained only on Cpg data or networking data. Do we have such kind of Llm models as well.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, those fine tuning model you can check out with the github. Sorry with the hugging face directly, because that is our open repositories. Okay, because everyone is fine tuning the whoever is fine tune that model, right? So they are directly uploading it over there. So that is a big like the model is storage, right? So regarding the different different fine tune model, different different strategy, and all so easily, you can check out with that hugging face. Got it.
Neeraj Singla: Okay, okay? And this question related to Cache in one of the answers mentioned that we can cache most frequent questions and answers, and something also you mentioned about re-ranking to have better results, how to go about it, how we can cache like, which.
Sunny Savita: You can write your own custom code. You can use the Langchen Cache if you'll search with the cache is also their llama index caches there. Right? If you are using llama index, the next, you can use the radish in memory database you can easily configure. Okay, the key value database. So multiple ways of doing a caching.
Sunny Savita: Okay, it's not a new concept. It is the older concept of the software development itself. Right? And yeah, check and explore those.
Neeraj Singla: Okay. And so just one last question, sorry. So will evaluation be covered in future, like for Llms.
Sunny Savita: Evaluation. I don't think. See more prones to the agents and all. Okay. So if anything will come in that particular pipeline, we'll do it. But it's specifically we are not going to teach you those evaluation matrices. Okay.
Neeraj Singla: Okay, do you have any video? Then in your.
Sunny Savita: Maybe I'll create that. I'm onto the fine tuning playlist as of now. So I uploaded 4 to 5. Video related that in this particular playlist itself, I will upload the video of the event.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Okay. Okay. Fine.
Sunny Savita: Just just a second.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Everything.
Sunny Savita: Meters is done. Now, yeah.
Rahul Khanna: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Guys, let me talk with Paul, and I'll come to. Yeah, Paul, please go ahead.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Oh, Perth, right the lady was sorry I again missed.
Sunny Savita: Who was there, please.
deepesh: Danny, can I go?
Sunny Savita: Hi! Now! Right.
Sanjay: Yes, indeed, I said actually.
Sunny Savita: Just a second Perth Sharma. Part again. I'm calling your name again. I won't ask you. Please go ahead if you have any doubt.
Sunny Savita: Okay, no doubt. Then, Sanjay, please go ahead.
Sanjay: Basically, I have some couple of questions regarding the this domain specific, as you told, actually just answered, that is a domain specific. No.
Sunny Savita: Hey!
Sanjay: Yeah. So so you you can find it in the hugging face you told we can find the domain specific.
Sunny Savita: See again, I would say, I'm not giving you the surety that you will get that model. But yeah, there is a chances you might get okay.
Sanjay: Okay. And my second question is that how to optimize? Actually. So last time I took the $5. But I was working on some project. Actually, it is completed, it exhausted. So how can you optimize our spending? So can you suggest something.
Sunny Savita: What you are doing, which.
Sanjay: And that is open. AI! That $5 we live. This to do. My, you know.
Sunny Savita: So so optimization wise, I would suggest, if you are using open AI use the small model. 1st of all. Okay, the second is, I think you can configure the total limit also. So use total limit wisely.
Sunny Savita: Okay, don't give too much bigger, prompt. And the response, try to generate a summarize answer
Sunny Savita: right? The second 3rd is a caching, as I told you. If you are hiding the same question and again again and again, then no need to hit to the Llm. Again once ticket from the Llm. And keep it inside your in memory. Storage. Okay? And.
Sanjay: And any document is there for that? Can you help me with that? Because any document, any.
Sunny Savita: Session.
Sanjay: Yeah, cash here, and other things.
Sunny Savita: Then you don't.
Sanjay: Moment is there.
Sunny Savita: Document. Wise? No, sir, see this. All the tips and trick you will find out over the Openai itself. You'll explore.
Sanjay: Okay.
Sunny Savita: What should be your token, size and all, and caching wise. Just search over the lunch and lunch and caching. You will get that. Okay.
Sanjay: Okay as well as the token utilization. How can we minimize the token.
Sunny Savita: Correct token token calculator is there over the open Api itself? Just check out with the token calculator. You will get that even. You can check with the number of token. How many tokens is there inside your data set? Okay.
Sanjay: Okay, okay? And coming to this 3rd question is regarding the Langchain. Actually, you know, regarding the project actually, which we are taking like multiple multiple databases. So what is happening. So which one sorry
Sanjay: one day.
Sanjay: yeah, sorry there is. Actually, suppose we are creating a you know, a Ragwes agent. So multiple agents are there. So, as Chris was saying, we for the Langchain, there is a spin. There is a sequential flow actually of the task. Then there is, we can use the langchain. But what about when we have a hierarchical flow, and we have a complex where flow of the task? So do you use the lang graph? Lang graph will not be the right approach. That means.
Sunny Savita: Connection, sir, is not for creating agents.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sanjay: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Earlier was providing you some inbuilt classes for building an agents. Okay, see what is the agent in an agent? Actually, we are giving a capability to the Llm. So Llm. Can think, and based on that, it can take a decision right.
Sunny Savita: So let's say, I am a human human being.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: I have a intelligence right? Based on this intelligence. I'm able to think right. Let's say I am thirsty now, so I will pick up my bottle. Let's say I have to write. I will pick up my marker. Okay, let's say I want to speak. So I'm speaking right. So see? Based on my intelligence, I'm taking a decision, and for that there is a certain flow which is going on in my internal body, and then my internal nervous system itself. Okay.
Sunny Savita: correct, correct.
Sunny Savita: Replicate the same thing in the agent itself. So Llm is a brain. And the tool is your actions. Okay? And those things, as of now, is not possible to create a comprehensive, hierarchical, networking, collaborative supervisor, or any custom architecture in the link chain what they have done, they have vanished all the inbuilt classes from the previous version itself, and the latest version. They kept 2 different framework. First, st for creating an agent. That's a land graph, and second, for doing a
Sunny Savita: no different different work. Okay, whatever is required.
Sanjay: I have taken Qa in that. Actually, you know.
Sunny Savita: The.
Sanjay: Since we have, we have taken actually 3 to 5 agents actually communicating with each other. So. But the the answer was not effective, and that led to.
Sunny Savita: Agent. It happens, sir, it depends on the workflow. Again. I'm saying it depends on the model as well. If it is not good. Now, I would say from the grok, use the deep, seek
Sunny Savita: and from the open air use. Gpt. 4. 0, you will see the differences in generated answer, okay.
Sanjay: Okay? And last question was like, Nope, I was having actually one issues with with basically, when the Router agent is trying to execute. I am getting actually some Ssl error issues
Sanjay: like Ssl certified verification issues. Okay, continuously. And that means, while routing actually of the task is being hand over to other agents. So it is. There is a there is a error showing that Sttp. Connection, pool, telemetry, Qa. Port. This one maximum retry is exceeded with the URL. This Ssl error like that.
Sunny Savita: This is a letter. See? When you get now, when you are trying to without multiple iteration, just reduce the iteration number of iteration. Okay, your model is not able to bear that particular number of tokens and all, as of now, in whatever plan you are working. Okay, okay, that's why, it is exceeding the limit, and all.
Sanjay: Many mini. Can you just explain me? Because this is the reason which led to the exhausting of the token.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, obviously, okay, Ssl is a different one. I think for that something you will have to mention explicitly if you are getting the security related. Ssl issue. Ssl, certificate. Okay? Why, it happens by when you are connecting with the server now. So the request is going on over there. That's then that's a encrypted encrypted request. And for that, basically, we require the Ssl security and all. Okay. So sometime, what happened now, if we are calling to any server for reading the model or for reading anything it gives us that issue. So it's simply check. Out with the chat, Gpt. It will give you the workaround.
Sunny Savita: You need to mention a couple of parameter. You can solve that. But if you're getting that exceed error limit exceed error. In that case you will have to configure the different model
Sunny Savita: because your total limit is over.
Sanjay: Okay, okay, due to that only happening. Okay, fine. So I have actually, one last issue is that the kernel? Actually, that is set up. We have done it. It is not, you know, it is not the path actually, I am unable to select the kernel. So in that scenario in the environment. So is it. That means, can I show you that? Why it is or it is.
Sunny Savita: Sir. Then tell me, now, I want to share the screen.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Okay. Next out is Perth either or Vijay Satish. Pabal Pallav. Sorry.
Sunil Bagul: Hey? Are you? Open the.
Sunny Savita: Yeah Kalia, please go ahead.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Alright fine a couple of questions. One is
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: I've there are 2 different use cases. The 1st use cases. I've got an offline model to create a product feature documentations. Or, let's say, story that's needed for delivery management. Right? So I've got multiple types of inputs. Let's say, there are images, there are write-ups which will get converted to images and passed on. Likewise there are messages, emails, audios.
Sunny Savita: Cool. And then there are also properly documented documents, right? So there are multiple inputs. Now, I.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: My intention is to get all these inputs in
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: as as a data ingestion. I mean, I need to get this passed into data ingestion or rack pipeline.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: and then that my offline model has to use this and then create product features and stories for me.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Now I'm using Olama, the mistral model as an offline model.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: I've got an app that is built on top which will which I feed information. Then it gives me currently the model, the app that I built is it? I feeds info. I feed the information
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: and it it creates a product, feature and stories for me. But then, now I wanted it to extend so that it can listen to all of these
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: as data input and then create this. So can I. What should be my approach in terms of, because there's there'll be constant feed of emails, constant feed of audios, constant feed of videos and documents coming through. And then I have to continuously churn the product feature on top.
Sunny Savita: In terms of that. So it's all about the data ingestion. Only in my sense. Okay, so you will have to design a better data pipeline. Where
Sunny Savita: you can keep your images. Text, audio. Okay, everything. In the data data, this vector database, okay, in a proper format. So for the images, for the audio and for the other data type. I can give you some suggestion. Let's say, you got an image right? So just create. Just introduce one more layer in between
Sunny Savita: that Llm layer before the before passing a data to the vector database, create a summary of it. Summary of the images. Keep it inside your page. Content. Okay, and generate embedding of it and rest of the thing. The image Bs, this one Bs for encoding and other metadata. You can keep it inside the metadata itself. Okay? So you will have to. You will have to think over here the data structure.
Sunny Savita: right? Data structure means how you are going to be structure your data, how you are going to be form your data inside the vector database. What should we keep inside the metadata what you need to keep in the main data. Okay, those on those thing you will have to work. That's that's a 1 and only thing over here. Okay.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Okay, fine. So you're saying that I need to create a data structure so that it can store all these data
Sunny Savita: Correct correct. You can store all this data right?
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Okay. So now, should I have different pipelines for different types of inputs.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can create that as a programmer, you are like able to think up to any limits. Right? So if you want to create a C
Sunny Savita: at the end. You are going to be. Decide the architecture of it. Let's say, if you are going to be coded right? So come up with a better solution. Let's say, if you are working on a Dev level, Senior Dev, okay, if you are working on a tech level, so showcase your ability at each and every level.
Sunny Savita: I would suggest you work on some additional thing, create a robust pipeline. If you can create a multiple pipeline. Okay for handling a data, and then everything is going to be going to be in a single database in a form of different different indexes. That will also work right? So just based on your capability, thinking, logical creativity, that's it. Okay, at the end, if you're going to design it, it's your call.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Okay, good. Thank you. And the the next uses use cases, competitive analysis. The use case. Right? So I'm I'm trying to analyze the competitive
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: competitors products, right? Using their websites. Right? So I'm
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: today 11 to the topics that I've learned today, it's crapping the competitors website. Looks like that's possible. And then I have, like 3, 4 competitors constantly love to monitor. In this case.
Sunny Savita: So.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Do I need to have again the same questions, like
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: all the 4 websites, can be scrapped at once, or it's like, I'm just trying to figure out how to handle this.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Now it's for tomorrow. It could be like 8 now, how to handle this information.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: And then I also need to filter only relevant information from those websites to be stored into my database.
Sunny Savita: No. See, sir, if there is a multiple website. Okay? 1, st 1st of all, you will have to inspect the target website. That would be the 1st thing right now, while you are inspecting a target website, there would be what there would be a Div right span tables. And all right, the data on a data level, on a web page level. I'm talking about correct.
Sunny Savita: then decide a right tool based on the content type. Let's say there is a static. HTML, okay? Then let's say there is a Javascript based content, the rendered content that there is a Api based content. Okay? So you will have to inspect those things step by step you will have to go. So instead for the aesthetic, there is a different way of doing it for the dynamic response. There is a different way of doing it for the Api base. Again, there is a different way of doing it right. So likewise you will have to think. So first, st
Sunny Savita: check out with the target one. Okay, the whatever competitor product and the website is there? Okay? Then, like, on which way with which tool, actually, you can do it. Just try to identify the all the requirement. Right playwright selenium Api based any Llm based, is there the scrapping one and all. Got it.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Okay? Fine. So you also mentioned about a medium where we can communicate. If you have further doubts apart from the classes, right? What does that medium to reach you?
Sunny Savita: Media wise do one thing, you can connect in a community support support itself. Okay, community chat one itself. The group, you know, right? And if you have any doubt, so you can drop me a mail to my mail. Id I'm writing in a chat itself.
Kalyana Shuresh Govindan: Yeah, it'll be helpful. Thank you, Sunny, that's all from me.
Santosh: Thank you, sir. Okay. Someone want to share the screen
Sanjay: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: Sanjay, please share this.
Sanjay: Yes, yes.
Vijay: Yeah. Meanwhile, can I download Llm and keep it private to use for my desktop?
Sunny Savita: Who is asking this question?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can do it.
Vijay: Okay? So while
Vijay: how can I? How do I? How can I know like, which model is good and which one can I use it for a specific use cases to.
Sunny Savita: Wait. Wait. Come to you. Wait. Okay. Yeah. Sanjay.
Sanjay: No, no earlier. Actually it was happening. But when this laptop particularly, I've taken this laptop, I'm unable to know. Select the kernel here. So if you see the kernel. So that is the a small down. But yeah, but it is troubling actually. So.
Sunny Savita: You are getting.
Sanjay: No, here, actually, I'm unable to select. See.
Sunny Savita: No, no, write python, kernel, search, python kernel, they are python kernel.
Sunny Savita: And again, sir, I would suggest I would request to you, please don't give the spaces in the windows path. Okay, this is like you'll face issues there. You have written project, title, keep underscore, or any other character, or don't give spaces. Okay.
Sanjay: Okay, okay, sure. So here it was.
Sunny Savita: Click on kernel. Select python, right? Python. Interpreter here.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Right. Python. Interpreter.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. So python select interpreter.
Sanjay: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Python, select, interpreter.
Sanjay: 1 min.
Sunny Savita: Search, again search, again.
Santosh: Or Google. Can I go? Or sorry?
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait, sir!
Sanjay: This one, correct.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Python interpreter, sir. Click again on the select kernel.
Sunny Savita: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Python. Select interpreter. Click on it.
Sanjay: It's not.
Sunny Savita: Wait, wait! Wait! It will give you the path certain path.
Sanjay: That is in other laptop is happening. I am quite actually. Why it is this I don't know.
Sunny Savita: Write something, write something here, print something. Print in your inner cell.
Sunny Savita: in in the in the Jupyter notebook itself.
Sunny Savita: IP won't be fine.
Sunny Savita: IP and V file.
Sanjay: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Open the link to an IP binding.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, see, it is giving a partner. Now, now select a kernel which kernel you want to, with what? Which kernel you want to work.
Sanjay: Yeah, it is 3.13. Actually, this one, yeah, I got it. Then, yeah, yeah, then, it's fine. Actually.
Sanjay: okay, thank you. Like.
Sunny Savita: You can select a path. Okay?
Sanjay: Sure, sure.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, can you do it?
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Is done.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Can you solve my issue today?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Perth, please tell me, what's it out.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Sunny actually, when I was working on a yesterday when I was running from Lagchain dot procs into chat box, or even a chat open. AI! It was not working showing a model not found like.
Sunny Savita: Let me show me share the screen. I can take your I can check with your code. Someone was asking regarding a best model or something right. Vijaya was there. Vijaya, are you there?
Vijay: Yes.
Sunny Savita: How. So see? Best model wise, how you gonna decide that?
Sunny Savita: For 1st of all, you will have to select a Api based model, or like the you want to configure it in your local, the open source one. Okay. Now, you will have to check for which task you're gonna select that.
Sunny Savita: whether it's a general conversation, Chatbot, Qa. Right? Even the coding help right for the multimodal handling and all. According to that, you will have to select the model right now, what is your budget? Latency, privacy? Right on all this parameter you will have to keep in your mind
Sunny Savita: right? So there is a couple of parameter on which you can do a better analysis of your model. Now, if you want to do it now, so see, just do one thing go with the open air website. They are they already given you the model comparison option. Select 2 model and make check a comparison of it, and then you will be like Very. You will have a very good understanding how to compare any sort of a model.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: So nia.
Vijay: And one more thing.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Is visible.
Sunny Savita: Wait. Wait, ma'am. Yeah, yeah. Please. Vijay.
Vijay: Yeah. And one more thing like, if I'm doing web scraping, using a specific set of tool. And I'm doing a web scraping in a set specific setup tool, and I'm downloading those content. I want to do a file comparison. How can I do that which which is giving me accurate result.
Sunny Savita: File comparison between 2 script file, right.
Vijay: Yes, yes.
Sunny Savita: So for that, you can create your own custom code. Now, like the with the help of Llm. Only you can do the file comparison.
Sunny Savita: Okay, document, comparison, file comparison. This type of it. It was solution.
Vijay: Per any file, right? Like Csv.
Sunny Savita: Any any sort of a file. Yeah, you're right. You just need to take a data from there. You need to pass it to the like the Llm. Only that's it.
Vijay: Okay, got it. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay. Yeah. Perth, please, tell me.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: I think I found out this one error.
Sunny Savita: See, this is not an error. Actually you you don't have this model. Lengthen open. AI, please install it first.st
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Sir, already I installed here.
Sunny Savita: You are installing. Show me scroll up.
Sunny Savita: See you are, ma'am, 1st of all. Tell me yes, wait, wait, ma'am, wait here. You are installing in a Vnb environment, correct.
Sunny Savita: which environment you selected in your python notebook check.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Virtually.
Sunny Savita: Right right hand side. See, above the python this one python, 3.1 12.7. What is the environment? Name? There.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: No. What is the environment name there?
Sunny Savita: Environment name is vnv. 3.2 1,
Sunny Savita: ma'am. What is the environment you can see there over the Ipv itself.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: This one, the environment.
Sunny Savita: Ma'am. Wait, ma'am, wait, I think.
Sunny Savita: See! Can you read the name of it? What is this?
Sunny Savita: See, red red Mark? I notated this one I annotated over here. This one.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Then.
Sunny Savita: Red red annotation. See this one.
Vijay: Side, right.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you're right. What is the name of the environment here?
Santosh: Base.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Chilly.
Sunny Savita: Ma'am, isn't it a base environment.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you're baseball.
Sunny Savita: And here you are working with the Vnv environment. So how it will work. Tell me.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Cheap.
Sunny Savita: Please change the environment here, do it.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Inform me.
Sunny Savita: Ma'am, give me give me the access of your screen. Okay.
Sunny Savita: wait, wait, ma'am. I'm handling that. Okay. Don't don't touch it. Now
Sunny Savita: see this you need to select. Now see what is there?
Sunny Savita: Check.
PARTH SHARMA 2F: Oh!
Sunny Savita: We? And we know.
Sunny Savita: Now run it again after restarting a kernel.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Install the IP Ynb kernel 1st there and then rerun it. Okay, it will work. Got it.
Sunny Savita: It might take time. So let it install. Yeah. Meanwhile, if anyone having any doubt.
Santosh: Yeah, I have like working on a project. So use cases like.
Santosh: so we have a complete document. So we use the lama 3 model. There.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Santosh: So we are like passing the chunk and user query to the model getting the response
Santosh: actually with the response. No. Again, we are showing on the user interface, the source of that particular response, like policy detail for pattern activity. So both policies different one. So actually, this earlier, it is giving wrong because we were fetching that from the vector, dB, so we check that. So now we have to means how to tackle this like again, we have to query the
Santosh: llm that from where this is special or means how to tackle this situation, this response, we are getting correct, but we have to show the source file of that also. Like.
Sunny Savita: In metadata. You will get that now.
Santosh: Okay, in the response of Llm, right?
Sunny Savita: No, while you are retrieving it from the vector database.
Santosh: Actually from vector, database. We suppose. I'm querying. So I'm getting. Suppose 10 chunks which are having the nearest cosine similarity.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
Santosh: That chunk. And with the along with the user carry we are passing to the
Sunny Savita: Llm. Model. Oh, no, no.
Sunny Savita: no! That chunk itself is carrying the metadata also. You, I think you haven't inspect that properly whenever you will query. Now from the vector database, you will get one document object. The document object is keeping that page. Content means your chunk as well as the metadata also.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So from that metadata you can retrieve it.
Santosh: Actually, I'm doing this in I mean, it's dot net environment. No we consume that Olama sharp package right?
Sunny Savita: No, no, I got your point. So do one thing. Now, whatever you are retrieving right from the vector database, just inspect that output. You will get your path.
Santosh: Okay, okay? And one more like some off bit question, is there? Actually, I'm thinking to buy one laptop for this aiml task. Only. So you suggest windows or Mac, or like what like for the Gpu capacity, wise.
Sunny Savita: Hmm.
Sunny Savita: See, sir, both the laptop is good, like having pros and cons there. Right? It depends on the personal choice whether you want to go with the Mac OS or the windows. OS, okay, I've used both. I would say. Mac gives like little premium experience. Okay, in terms of their ui accessibility, and it is use. It is using the Linux OS, now unix based OS in back end. Right? So
Sunny Savita: it is having a like a very good experience with any other application, installation, and all easily you can do it. And, on the other hand, windows is a like, you know, right? So it's a private OS, right? So it has not been built on the any open source opening system. Okay? So see everything. You can run over the windows as well. But maybe something is going to be restricted right? For the hardcore developer. I'm saying, not for the average. On the normal developer. Encoder. Okay.
Santosh: Yeah, yeah, no for development. Only I'm.
Sunny Savita: For development. Wise. If you want to switch. Yeah, if you want to switch to the Mac, you can do it. It will give you the good experience, otherwise you can stick with the windows. 11 as well. That is also fine. Okay.
Santosh: And the basic configuration like
Sunny Savita: Configuration. Wise Caesar, we are not going to train a model.
Sunny Savita: If you want to train or fine tune any model, we can directly configure the cloud, let's say, aws, azure, Google, this is their collab. This paper space, is there databricks is there? Right? So we never retrain the model in a local itself.
Sunny Savita: Okay? But if you want to take a Gpu now, Gpu based. So just take a basic Gpu which will fulfill your some video based requirement or some basic Gpu based requirement like the gaming and all. So take a Gpu with a basic 3 0 6 0 rtx, okay, above that, you can take any sort of a Gpu but bare minimum. Rtx, 3, 0, 6, 0. Okay.
Sunny Savita: Nope.
Santosh: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, so.
Rahul Khanna: Alright, so now.
Raunak ali: Yeah, can I?
Sunny Savita: Wait, guys, guys, wait, Perth, it is working right?
Sunny Savita: Okay, it's working fine. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Now the next is Ronakronak.
Raunak ali: Yeah. Yeah. Hi, Sunny. Actually, I'm trying to make a project related to like Instagram assistant agent. And I am using Lama 3 locally and using socket I'm communicating. So what is my problem? Like, when user is chatting, I mean, like giving any prompt. So I'm I'm converting into the embedding and then saving in dB,
Raunak ali: and from there I'm giving to retrieving it, and I'm giving to Llm. And providing a result output. So what is happening. If I am chatting with a 1 person, it's giving good result. But simultaneously, if multiple user is giving text, so it is mixing the chat conversation. So how can I avoid this.
Sunny Savita: I think it is more towards to the system design.
Sunny Savita: okay, how you are making a request, concurrency routing and all right. So.
Sunny Savita: If someone is asking, let's let's say I'm doing a chatting with your Instagram assistant, and you are also doing a chatting with your Instagram assistant right? I asked the same question which you are which you have asked, so it will give the same answer. Only now, what is the issue with that.
Raunak ali: No, actually, I'm trying to like answer based on name. Wise also, like, if suppose is like communicating. So I'm calling hironic? This is the answer, and like this thing, and some other person is also answering. So sometime it switch the name also, like it gives the another.
Sunny Savita: See. So for that. Now, actually, what you have to do, let's say, if you are taking a dynamic name or something right, you will have to like. Put some authentication over there. Let's say some. Before asking any sort of a question. Someone will authenticate over there now with their name, age or with any sort of a detail. Right? Then, only model will be able to identify.
Sunny Savita: Correct. So do one thing. Let's say, if you're asking any question, if you are writing your name right? So 1st of all, make your prompt, too much robust. And before starting with the chat, just take some basic detail of the user. Okay, so what you can do, you can put some form there. Either you can write, take a name, age, or email, Id.
Raunak ali: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Right in a comprehensive way.
Raunak ali: Yeah, I'm fetching from the meta socket that whenever user message. So I have a metadata also about the user, like mail id or something. So I'm saving in a database based on that. I'm answering, but still like, if I retrieved the answer like chunks from the database, it's giving the correct. But Llm. Is doing something like wrong, or
Raunak ali: it's mixing the.
Sunny Savita: Mixing the conversation again. You can handle it on 2 ways. I am saying, 1st on an application way, okay,
Sunny Savita: this. There might be a concurrency issue means the tools user is hitting on a same time. Okay, that particular application. So that should be a separate process. Right? So 1st of all you need to take care of that. But I don't know how you are handling that Meta data and all regarding the model, whether you are passing it through the retrieving, or directly you are giving to the Llm. Okay, as a separate Jason object. So that kind of optimization. Also, we can do right. So see I can give you only the high level suggestion on top of it until I'm not building it
Sunny Savita: right so, or not doing it from my end. So if you want to connect with me separately, you can drop me a mail. I'll give you some time, or else you can book a call from top net. Also, if you want to connect. Okay? Likewise, actually, we can deep dive into your use case. Okay? But again, on an application level. Please check how you are making a request to the Lm, okay, what is a what is this concurrency issue? And on a second level
Sunny Savita: tune the prompt, the way of giving your output to the Llm. If it is a user information and all, then, instead of passing it from the Retriever, directly create one Json object and pass it to the Llm. That's it. Okay, so just do this. So some sort of optimization there.
Raunak ali: Yeah. And one more thing like, when suppose user, we have chat a lot like half an hour or 15 min and everything I'm saving in a like a database. So I mean, after some time it's start hallucinate, like same answer, or like differently.
Sunny Savita: Model you are using.
Raunak ali: Lama 3. I'm using local.
Sunny Savita: Model it, not having a good reasoning capability. Now.
Raunak ali: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Use the Gpt photo. Now you will see the difference.
Raunak ali: Okay, okay, that's right. Yeah, okay.
Rahul Khanna: Hi! Rahul! This side.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, Rahul, please go ahead.
Rahul Khanna: Yes, Sunny. Actually, I'm facing an issue while running the open air issue. Openai model. Can I share my screen with you?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share the screen, Rahul, I'm adding in a panelist, guys who want to share the screen, can you tell me in the chat. I will add to all of you in a panelist.
Sunny Savita: Victor, would you like to share the screen?
Sunny Savita: No, right, Satish, no palav, no deepesh.
Sunny Savita: Okay, Deepes want to share their screen. Just a second Deepesh. I'm adding in a panelist, yeah, I just.
Victor Gaur: I have a question, I mean, may not, yeah, need this? Sure.
Sunny Savita: Coming coming. You, Victor. Okay, wait.
Sunny Savita: So sunil also. Wait. Wait, Ronak. Sorry, Rahul. I'm not able to see right now. I think you need to share that. Can you click on that green icon of the sharing and then share it again?
Rahul Khanna: Yeah, I did that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Yeah. Now, it's fine.
Rahul Khanna: Okay, so this is Vn, ve python. Okay, this is done. And I have
Rahul Khanna: put all the environment variables api keys. I've installed the these all dependencies by Pip install requirements. Okay, everything I've done. If I go to the IP Ynb file, I
Rahul Khanna: I imported the OS. And I just run this command. This is running good for me. I click on, get an env. I can see the Api key for the rock, for the lang chin also. Now here, actually, what I'm facing an issue. If I click on here.
Rahul Khanna: Okay, here I'm it's failing, and it is giving me an error file, not found error.
Sunny Savita: Just scroll down, scroll down.
Rahul Khanna: Yeah, this thing?
Sunny Savita: No such file directory which file you are reading. Can you show me that
Sunny Savita: scroll up.
Rahul Khanna: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Wait!
Rahul Khanna: One mini model.
Sunny Savita: Is this full model? Is there? Check with your open a
Sunny Savita: open the open a, and check.
Rahul Khanna: Open am you want me to say the.
Sunny Savita: Openai model, Sir Openai model, open the browser.
Sunny Savita: browser, open the browser, and search models.
Rahul Khanna: Yeah, it was there. Actually.
Rahul Khanna: I tried 2, 3 models. No, no, it's working. Actually, I tried both models, but.
Sunny Savita: No, no, just check. Just write open a models, and then you will get that. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Well, 3 0 4 Mini is there, or 3 mini is there. Open this, O 3. Mini.
Rahul Khanna: Yeah. Scroll down.
Sunny Savita: You scroll down they haven't given you any sort of a code.
Sunny Savita: It's deprecated.
Sunny Savita: O, 3 mini. Yeah. The code is also not there, scroll up
Sunny Savita: check with another chat. You click on this chat. Completion.
Rahul Khanna: No, I can't click it.
Sunny Savita: Scroll up, use any different model. Instead of this, o, 3, 1 or 3 min.
Rahul Khanna: What about.
Sunny Savita: O 4. Mini, O, 4. Mini. Yeah. Use this one.
Rahul Khanna: Okay.
Sunny Savita: O, 4 mini. Use it. No, just write a name there and use.
Sunny Savita: Okay, okay, let's see, is your ebay correct? Your.
Rahul Khanna: Yeah, yeah, I did check 3, 4 times. I I was doing that created multiple times. But
Rahul Khanna: okay, it's still not working.
Sunny Savita: Restart restart the kernel. Gpt. 400 Mini is working restart the kernel once.
Rahul Khanna: Okay.
Rahul Khanna: yeah, this is working. This is working.
Rahul Khanna: Let me grab this.
Rahul Khanna: Still the same error.
Sunny Savita: Use with any other. Do it with any other model. This one scroll up
Sunny Savita: this one gpt. 4 0 meeting. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: you commented. Now right just remember.
Rahul Khanna: But for many I didn't.
Sunny Savita: Remove. Remove the comment and run it then, and comment the 1st one comment, yeah, not on it.
Rahul Khanna: East Turk.
Sunny Savita: I'm not found on it. It's something else. Show me your Api key. once.in dot envy
Sunny Savita: opening, opening. Okay, do one thing. Now give me this error and paste this inside to chat.
Sunny Savita: See? Do one thing, just keep. Just do the file file, save your file as well. Just keep it on auto sale. Go in the file.
Sunny Savita: Fine. Fine. Yeah. Keep it on auto. Sync, yeah.
Sunny Savita: And yeah, give me the entire error. This error, copy it and paste it into the channel.
Rahul Khanna: Okay, I'm doing that. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: 4, 0 mini. 4. 0, Mini, is it sujata? Let me check, if that also have you faced at all.
Rahul Khanna: Yeah, I'm doing that.
Sunny Savita: Yeah. And please check with the model name. Also, someone is saying, it is 4. 0 Mini, you written 4 0 Mini only.
Rahul Khanna: Okay. Let me try again.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, and give the error in the chat.
Rahul Khanna: Yeah, I'm not. I'm not able to. The paste the whole chart. Can I put in communities? Is it fine?
Sunny Savita: Just a second, a search code. Share dot I please. 1st of all, share your screen.
Rahul Khanna: Okay.
Sunny Savita: There is.
Sunny Savita: Yeah over your browser. Search code, share dot island
Sunny Savita: browser- browser code share, dot allow.
Sunny Savita: Oh, share your code. Number.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, paste it over here. Yeah. Now give it to me, this link, link, link link link
Sunny Savita: that are welcome to the your URL box. Now that link.
Rahul Khanna: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Paste, the link.
Rahul Khanna: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you know.
Rahul Khanna: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: That's perfect.
Rahul Khanna: Yeah.
Rahul Khanna: Let me try 4. 0 Mini.
Sunny Savita: Do one thing, you know. Write this, I think this issue is related to the Ssl, okay.
Sunny Savita: so keep this code. I paste in the this I/O itself. Just a second.
Sunny Savita: Oh, let me paste in the code over there itself. Okay, copy from there
Sunny Savita: a little problem.
Rahul Khanna: Yeah, where did you paste it?
Sunny Savita: In the same for shadow time.
Rahul Khanna: Oatshare dot I/O.
Sunny Savita: Take the take the quote from them, copy the code.
Sunny Savita: I don't see it. Should I refresh my
Sunny Savita: don't share the screen. Why you want to stop sharing your screen.
Rahul Khanna: Oh, sorry. Okay.
Rahul Khanna: Okay.
Sunny Savita: How about the portrait hotel?
Sunny Savita: Yeah. Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Refresh it.
Rahul Khanna: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Okay, just a minute. I'm giving you a dropdown or this way.
Sunny Savita: okay, see? Open the chat and click on the link.
Rahul Khanna: Okay, let me give you the link
Rahul Khanna: hopefully. He'll give you one milk it.
Rahul Khanna: I don't see the code.
Sunny Savita: Take the book on the chat, and based on the joint.
Rahul Khanna: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, remove the earlier one and restart your kernel. And on this one.
Rahul Khanna: Oh, it's working now. Thank you. What is the problem? I don't understand this thing. What is this.
Sunny Savita: There is a connection error in the Ssl. Certificated issue, but sometime it we are not able to connect with any other server, or maybe because of some security detail and all.
Rahul Khanna: Okay, should I use this for every of you?
Rahul Khanna: Mine.
Sunny Savita: Click this error. Yeah, if you're facing this error, then you can.
Rahul Khanna: Okay, thanks a lot. Thank you. Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Just a landing page. Also need anyone in this schedule.
deepesh: Yeah, sunny. Hi, can you hear me?
deepesh: Sunny? Very small. I have a very small question. Could you kindly reshare the link for the github as well as the Zip folder, for today's content that that's the only thing.
Sunny Savita: Today's content. Okay, I'm sharing in the chat you can download from there.
deepesh: Yeah. And where? Where do we need to upload the assignments? The Github.
Sunny Savita: Assignment wise. You can keep it over the Github as of now we'll let you know how you can share the content.
deepesh: So we can keep it on our personal github, and then it will be then we will be given. Okay, sure.
deepesh: thank you. Thanks. So that's the only thing. Sunny. Thanks very much.
Sunny Savita: Oh, okay, sir, could you please share this?
Sunny Savita: So we'll work on.
Sunil Bagul: Hi! Hi! Sunny.
Sunny Savita: Balloon.
Sunil Bagul: Yeah, I'm sharing my screen.
Sunny Savita: Yes.
Sunil Bagul: So this is about yesterday's.
Sunil Bagul: You can see my screen right.
Sunny Savita: Here it goes!
Sunil Bagul: Okay. So with the clock. Apa, actually, when I'm trying to call the crop Apa, I'm getting the Apa connection error.
Sunil Bagul: So I try to change the model. Also, I try to add the key directly here. But when I'm directly
Sunil Bagul: the Api connection, error, connection, error.
Sunny Savita: No, no! Where it is. Where is that error? No. Explore this problem, not explode this problem channel, and should run it inside the only
Sunny Savita: closest level.
Sunil Bagul: Okay, close, this term.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, this- this one, yeah.
Sunil Bagul: It is not.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, run. It inside your.
Sunil Bagul: Show. Yeah, show me the last option.
Sunil Bagul: Okay?
Sunny Savita: Last error. Message.
Sunil Bagul: Yeah.
Sunny Savita: Connection. And it's your office laptop, sir, right.
Sunil Bagul: Yes.
Sunny Savita: Sir. See in office level 2. I cannot help with you. Okay, please check it.
Sunil Bagul: But.
Sunny Savita: Productivity.
Sunil Bagul: Yeah. But when I'm trying to do the same, call with this, I mean same endpoint. Same Api key. It just not the length change. Api, right. It is just directly the rest call through the curve, and I'm able to get the response back.
Sunny Savita: So yeah, that's what I'm saying now. Maybe some thing they have fixed right inside your system and all. So you will have checked with your respective team. See, sir, whenever we teach, whenever we fix the error, we never does the like office laptop and all. Okay, because you might only face the issues. If someone is going to be asked a question so better, you can use the Google Collab, or something that okay, or in whatever way you you are able to access the model. Do it.
Sunil Bagul: Okay, okay, fine. Open is working fine. Only drop one works.
Sunny Savita: Oh, maybe they have given you the access on that particular Api. That's why it is working.
Sunny Savita: Pardon me.
Sunil Bagul: Okay. Okay. Fine. Thanks.
Sunny Savita: Thank you, sir.
Satish Tiwari: Hello, sunny Satish! Here.
Sunny Savita: Just a second deepesh what you are asking. Which link I shared the detail of the today's reverse. Now, right?
Sunny Savita: The bulk of them.
Sunny Savita: Okay, fine Satish is Satish. You're done right, Satish. Tiwari.
Satish Tiwari: Yes, one more person.
Satish Tiwari: How can we locally install this?
Satish Tiwari: And which element we can.
Sunny Savita: Local install wise. You can use the this one. Basically, you can.
Satish Tiwari: Is it free?
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it's free, you know. You can use the language and you can go.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So next piece is done, follow up. Do you have any question follow up.
Sunny Savita: Okay, not having any question, Victor, please go ahead with the question.
Victor Gaur: Hey? Thank you, sonny. So I joined late joined 3 days before. So I'm kind of a catching up with everything. But I'm really impressed by your knowledge, your team's knowledge. That's great place a lot of learning here.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Victor Gaur: So very nice, very lucky, to be here now my question is around the course I know you have been helping people for on the job support for last 2 h.
Victor Gaur: But my question is only around the course. So if I look at the course syllabus
Victor Gaur: learning objectives right, and we've been told that we'll do things step by step.
Sunny Savita: So.
Victor Gaur: So I like to see things in a roadmap point of view.
Sunny Savita: And.
Victor Gaur: How this all of this thing is going to fall in shape one after another. Hanan, how it helps.
Sunny Savita: Phone.
Victor Gaur: This learning objective. So you know, I can put a little picture in my mind. Okay, that we did something.
Victor Gaur: and.
Sunny Savita: The sheet.
Sunny Savita: So see 1st we'll go with the language itself, right as Krishna is teaching you that. But now, after the lunch and line graph, the 1st agent framework will create some line graph solution and then
Sunny Savita: we'll create one end to end project also using the like ground. So that will be our 1st module. Build the lab ground. Then the next thing would be the and the other agent based framework like Agno, okay. And the this autogen and all. Now, regarding that also, we'll do some end to end project, end to end project. Whenever I'm saying we'll see the
Sunny Savita: we'll write a modular code and all, okay, we'll basically, we'll not write a code inside the IP binding at all. Right? Then we'll come up with this no code platform, low code or no code platform. Okay, we'll understand how we can create a agents using those. Then, Mcpa, no, and then, we'll understand about the cloud. So in whatever way the slippers have been designed, step by step, we'll go with the same.
Victor Gaur: Great. So by the end of the course, you mean to say, the students would be able to make their own AI agents and
Victor Gaur: agentic workflows and automate workflows and everything.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, obviously, sir, you will know this, many of them. Right? So let's say, we have taught you so many things, so many people, at least you will get able to get something from that that we are assuming. Right?
Sunny Savita: So for sure, you can create a framework using the language authentic of this framework, you can create a framework in the crew. AI, right? So whatever is your requirement or regarding whatever requirement you want to assist your team? Okay, you will be comfortable with both of the things
Sunny Savita: and what I believe. So personally right. So whenever you are taking any class or anything, right? So see, it's a mutual effort of the mentor and the student as well. Okay, so let's say we are teaching you something. So we told you 50 to 60% of the thing rest 50 to 60%. You can export from your end on top of that.
Sunny Savita: Okay? Because in the same strategy, I learned, I understood the thing. Okay? And with the same strategy, I'm assuming everyone will do. Okay. So if we have taught you, let's say something in language we have. We have given you the guidance. We have video basics, the platform, and all everything. Now on top of it. Learn something by yourself. As well got it.
Victor Gaur: Sounds good. That's a that's a great help. Second thing is your experience based on teaching so many students over last few years right?
Victor Gaur: So I don't think everybody is going to make an Llm. Right.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Victor Gaur: How do you think your students are going to benefit by this knowledge? What's the majority of the use cases they would be following or doing in the future.
Sunny Savita: So see use case by sir, 99% use case in the industry related to the related to building this rag or this agent itself. Okay, every industry is having their own database correct? They have a problem in a different domains.
Sunny Savita: So I work with couple of domain that said, I can give you the example of the pharma. Okay? So in Pharma, the thing, basically, they are doing. Like, since a long time. Okay, manually, something. Basically the report analysis report generation, this document analysis, that document analysis, we can do it. We can automate this thing using the capability of the element. Okay? Because it is very good.
Sunny Savita: Like. In terms of a language understanding the image, understanding the data, understanding and all. So wherever the data is coming. And using that data, we are capable to build a rack, agents and all. Okay, we'll be able to do all sort of all, all those use cases
Sunny Savita: understood. So your responsibility. See, we are a tech. We don't know anything about the business, right? So our responsibility just to learn the tech. And then maybe later on, according to the requirement product line and all, we'll try to match that tech with that particular business problem. Okay.
Sunny Savita: so that should be our thing to learn the tag and align with the business formula.
Victor Gaur: And and the tech you are mentioning is mostly around the rag and building the agents.
Sunny Savita: No more focus on that agent, because the badge name itself is a agent here.
Victor Gaur: Okay, so Rag and Agent tech AI. Now, in comparison to Llms and Slms, do you think, having your insights or detailed knowledge about small language models is.
Sunny Savita: One thing.
Victor Gaur: Any beneficial in the future.
Sunny Savita: Oh, it might be, sir, again, it depends on the
Sunny Savita: requirement. Right? So in my project, I wanted to. Like a refinancing. Okay, I don't want to be any sort of a hallucination, or I don't want to do any mistake on the Lm. Side, so I will take a superior model always. I won't take any. I won't do any negotiate with my generation because I have a money. I can invest that.
Sunny Savita: So if someone is having that money constraint they cannot invest on a the High end model. In that case they can configure the Slm or some open source model for the requirement. But if we don't have that constraint, go with the High end model right.
Victor Gaur: Okay. So you mean to say, mostly people who are going for small language models are people who are having financial constraints.
Sunny Savita: Okay.
Sunny Savita: tech is all about the money. Right? So we are building something, the some infrastructure. Or let's say we are hiring someone to build something right everywhere money is involved. Right? So tech is always supporting the business or to making a product so that it can easier our work right? So we just have to keep that thing in our mind while we are building any sort of account. Okay.
Victor Gaur: Sounds good. You also mentioned in the sessions today about something community chat. Now, I missed because I joined 3 days before.
Sunny Savita: Community chat. You will get all that you will get this company chat option. I think you end up post right? So I don't know the Ui interface, or what kind of interface you have. Can you share the screen? I can guide you.
Victor Gaur: I'm adding in a panelist.
Sunny Savita: You can accept the request, or I can. You can share the slide by me.
Sunny Savita: Okay, I think no one is having any questions, Kalia and I think are already clarify question sort of Burma, and
Sunny Savita: turns around right.
Victor Gaur: Yeah, so you want to see my screen.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, you can share the screen. I can check.
Victor Gaur: Okay.
Victor Gaur: like here, Lucy.
Sunny Savita: Oh, yeah, I can see now. Message, yes. So left hand side. You can see option. 2 point. Oh, live is integrated. So that's a community forum. Okay, which you have. So you can do the chit chatting with the your badgemates and all. And even we are also active in this.
Victor Gaur: Okay, okay, sounds. I understood. I understood. I know, it's very late today. If I have some questions around the Vs code, everything that's been taught. So far, I looked into the videos and I'm able to run it. Work perfectly if I do have it in the future is a weekend only time that we can.
Victor Gaur: guess. The doubts cleared some any weekday session is also there, or something.
Sunny Savita: No, sir, weekday session is not there. Only weekend session is only there. We have designed a program in such a way so that we can be available on a weekend itself right after the class itself. Okay.
Victor Gaur: Okay.
Sunny Savita: Can ask me after the class. Only, okay.
Victor Gaur: Okay, I have one question for the. I'll keep it for the end of the class. I don't want to keep others waiting. It's just for simple Vs code thing, so I'll wait till the others get done.
Sunny Savita: No, no, you can tell me what is your doubt. I can solve it very quickly.
Victor Gaur: Alrighty. Sure. So my my conda and everything is fine. Initially they had it had some environment issues.
Sunny Savita: Phone.
Victor Gaur: But I think.
Victor Gaur: yeah, it's it's kind of okay, right now. But I think I have a multiple versions of python in a different places. And
Victor Gaur: yeah, and maybe, as as you mentioned, there is a spaces in my windows path. Do you think to say that is also incorrect?
Sunny Savita: This environment. So you can create events, a virtual environment. Okay, so I would suggest you, you can delete all this environment if it is not required as of you can not use it.
Sunny Savita: Okay? So manually, you can go into this particular location, and you can delete all the requirements. This environment and all.
Victor Gaur: Okay.
Sunny Savita: So we should all see. Let's say, we have created one project in local. And this environment is taking some space right in our system. Okay, so better, we can delete it after doing this project and all, and later on again.
Sunny Savita: we just have to install the kernel. Dx.
Victor Gaur: Okay. Okay. Okay.
Sunny Savita: That's it.
Victor Gaur: Okay. Sure. Alright.
Sunny Savita: Got it.
Victor Gaur: Okay, sure. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Thank you. Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, thanks, Eddie.
Sunny Savita: Okay, sort of you. Have any doubt.
Saurabh Verma: Yeah. So Sunny, no doubt, and you can generally keep me at the last. I would like to. I have 3 points which are very minor.
Sunny Savita: Oh!
Saurabh Verma: 1st is, I would like to be compliment, and you know, appreciate one thing that
Saurabh Verma: the normal class which is going on is good. Okay. But what I found is that this session, which is going on of question answer is very knowledgeable session going on with
Saurabh Verma: scenarios
Saurabh Verma: you know, coming up and I'll try at my end also. And if anyone in the team, let's say the transcript of this is there. If it is available to us from your portal itself. You know, under the video recording, then we should create a management system of this. What query was asked, what solution was proposed. Because there's a lot of learning in that. I thought, Okay, I'll ask you where I can read this. But you are mentioning that also.
Saurabh Verma: So it's just a good to have thing. If it's possible that
Saurabh Verma: all the Q&A which are happening in this session, those are in a structured way. Using AI only like one of our colleague is creating blogs. Similarly, if we can have this put into a Q&A. Which which were the Q&A. Related to technical
Saurabh Verma: for the Q. And a. Related to course. Okay, and some reference links for
Saurabh Verma: learning like you have shared your rag thing, you they we can go to your Youtube channel and see.
Saurabh Verma: So this way, categories are done. It will be, you know very valuable thing to all of us, because, some people are advanced, some are learning down the line we would need. We can reach out to those people who are who ask these questions where they are. Because everything is not possible to learn in one day. So that's my suggestion. If it's applicable to all of you.
Sunny Savita: I'll check. Okay, if we can generate the task, or something like, because on top of it, that's
Sunny Savita: you also create one application. And you can say.
Saurabh Verma: Yes, yes, some real time application, or something like that.
Saurabh Verma: We can put it into rag and use.
Sunny Savita: Oh, you can say we have this this internship of this freelance project from there, and there, right so.
Saurabh Verma: Created for you, and it can be used for all the sessions, you know, with such valuable information and learnings you are giving. Second is again a silly question. That's why I prefer to be asked at the end. Is you mentioned about temperature tuning, and all of this? So this is part of which course is it part of machine learning or generative? AI.
Sunny Savita: It's a part of the course means while we start learning this Api how to get a model from any Api, okay, at that time itself. We talk about this configuration of the model, the different different parameter and okay.
Saurabh Verma: Means.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, here, actually, yeah, here, actually, I'm needing to reach out to the agent side.
Sunny Savita: Okay, yeah, it is more specific to that. So that's why we are not deep diving into the other parameters.
Saurabh Verma: It's it's it's fine. It's fine. But for us to go back and refer that course, or join that course, or take that material
Saurabh Verma: no,
Sunny Savita: 1st question.
Saurabh Verma: Should be referred.
Sunny Savita: No sorry again. I would suggest you. We should always avoid the long courses and all. Okay, that's my personal suggestion. See if you're getting this type of doubt. So just make a happy to learn by yourself. Because if you're doing a self study, okay, instead of learning the long, long video from the long, long. Some classes and all do some personal study. And believe me, the personal study will benefit you or not.
Sunny Savita: Okay. So if you're whenever you are getting any sort of a doubt, this type of doubt do one thing, what I do. You know, I I created one sheet. Okay, parallel. So whenever I get this type of question or doubt, I write it over there, and when and I in my free time, I search it from my poster, and I paste the resources link at a single place. I paste the people free to video links over there.
Sunny Savita: If I'm not able to get from there. Then I switch to any course or something with some structure level. If you don't have any knowledge with respect to the in that case join our course. But if you're getting a small, small doubt, right? Based on some query question, right? So just mention it somewhere in your knowledge base and check out from you. Right? That is a good approach.
Sunny Savita: I'm also.
Saurabh Verma: Perfect. The last thing is, yesterday you mentioned that for modular coding, I you know, full light. I was working on that. So, thanks for that. I'm working on for my that project for office. you also mentioned that I can refer to any of your project on Github. So any read. Only access is available to see that or you will give that later. Not now.
Sunny Savita: So we taught the teach the project.
Sunny Savita: just a second. Let me give you one link of the product.
Sunny Savita: You said.
Sunny Savita: Yeah, it's a machine learning project end to end project. Okay, you can refer that you want to do it.
Saurabh Verma: It has a full, that modular approach.
Sunny Savita: Full model of approach.
Sunny Savita: Because, see, I am more towards AI. You know, I haven't did that that level of web development. Okay? So so my most of the projects related to the AI already. So this is a project. You can go ahead with it, and.
Sunny Savita: like all the code in our modular formats.
Saurabh Verma: Okay, fine. So and yeah, the Ml. Ops course, which is going to start Llm. Ops right?
Saurabh Verma: Which is going to start sometime next month. So if you have joined the AI pro batch, so we can get access to that, or we have to enroll for that.
Sunny Savita: So you can check out with the team. Okay? So regarding that, I think you will have to talk with the respective person he will give you the better idea. Okay, I'm giving you the number of the person so just call to him. He will. He will assist you regarding. Okay? Because Christian has shared all the information with their respective sales team at the company. So if I'm giving any false information to you, that would then would be a good thing.
Sunny Savita: Better talk.
Saurabh Verma: At times we are not. At times we are not able to copy from the chat. Is, is that a feature disabled, or it's coming
Saurabh Verma: in my in the.
Sunny Savita: Core setting. It might be disabled. I I will have to check out with the team itself. They can like update.
Saurabh Verma: Weird.
Sunny Savita: They can do something about it.
Saurabh Verma: We have to write it down, you know. Otherwise. Yeah.
Saurabh Verma: that's all. Wish you a good day and week.
Sunny Savita: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Oh, okay, sorrow is done now, anyone having any doubt? Right? Otherwise I'll close the session. It is already 1, 22,
Sunny Savita: yeah, go ahead, please.
praharsha: Yeah, Hi, sunny actually, my doubt is, while creating the racks.
praharsha: So I need to get more insights on my data. So the data is more on interrelated.
praharsha: So while querying out how can I get more insights on the data like selecting a good model or doing with a good, prompt? Or is there any other approach.
Sunny Savita: So 1st of all, see, sir, if you want to give them good, or if you want to generate a good answer, right? So, Retriever. Pipeline should be very robust. You should be like, clear what you are going to be retrieved from the vector database or from idea. Got it? Then you need to write a conference in prompt for your model. Okay? And
Sunny Savita: instead of providing a less information, let's say K, equal to 2 K. Equal to 3. Let's keep it. K, equal to 20. Keep K. Equal to 15 with a good relinking approach.
Sunny Savita: Okay, in that case you will be able to provide a good context to your model. And with that model will be able to generate the the basically quality response. Okay.
praharsha: One more question.
praharsha: So currently, we are actually working with Mongodb. I hope you remember I have asked the same question in the 1st session, actually.
Sunny Savita: Was there a hundred percent.
praharsha: Okay. Okay. Okay.
praharsha: So the thing is to retrieve data from the Mongodb. We actually have an existing database there but to retrieve there. We don't have any agents like an SQL. Agent, because it is a Nosql agent. So that's why what we are doing is we are actually trying to pass the Ep schema structure.
Sunny Savita: And.
praharsha: And we are trying to take the Llm. Help itself to write the Mongo queries.
praharsha: But we are unable to pass this token contextual token size, because the schema itself is very big.
Sunny Savita: And one more test.
Sunny Savita: So token means.
praharsha: Like it has to read the whole schema right?
praharsha: Came out as to read and prompt. We are giving, and we are also giving some example
praharsha: queries like, if this is a query, this out.
Sunny Savita: Do you have any code? Any? Poc, right now?
praharsha: No, sir, actually it is in my office. Laptop.
Sunny Savita: Okay, if you can keep it in your local laptop. Now just show me that in the next slide. Sorry
Sunny Savita: if you can all like, take at least some small code just working for. Okay, yeah, yeah.
Sunny Savita: show me that.
Sunny Savita: I will get a better clarity, because what I can say right now, I haven't seen the data query or not.
praharsha: Okay, okay, understood? Understood?
praharsha: Yeah.
praharsha: Thank you.
Sunny Savita: Okay, thank you. Now, guys, anyone having any doubt? Kalyan? I think you are clear right. All of kalyan.
Pallab Neogi: Hey? Hi, Sunny? Thanks for the session. I I have one question. So I mean Krishna showed this one, right? Multi agent things. Okay? So how to do that? So I'm just. I mean, is it multi agent is same as the agentic AI, or is something different.
Sunny Savita: Everything comes under the agent account. Okay, multi means multiple agents. That's it.
Pallab Neogi: Okay, I mean, this is called the agentic AI, I mean, that is, we heard right.
Sunny Savita: So if I will say coding, programming, right development. So.
Pallab Neogi: Okay, okay? So actually, I'm working in one of the project in my office. So I'm using the SDK, Google Adk.
Sunny Savita: So.
Pallab Neogi: So there, I'm using the tools and all these things. Okay, so this is, we can call as an agent. Api, right? I mean.
Pallab Neogi: okay, okay, so.
Sunny Savita: Okay, anything is related to the Llm. And tools. Right
Sunny Savita: reasoning workflow, you know. So, Agent, take care.
Pallab Neogi: Thank you. That is my question. Thanks, son.
Sunny Savita: Oh, okay, well, it's done. Now, you guys
Sunny Savita: thank you. Mohan. Thank you very much. You guys, I will meet in the next class. Now, okay, until thank you. Bye-bye.
Sunny Savita: And if you have any sort of a question doubt, you can mail me directly, or else you can write in a community forum. Okay? So once you check out that community forum, we'll answer regarding those questions. Otherwise you can communicate between each other. Okay regarding your doubts
Sunny Savita: and your resources and all everything will be available in the resource section, and I showed you how to download it from there. Okay, so fine. I'll meet you in the next class guys. Andy, thank you for calling.
Sunny Savita: Okay, email. I've given you the I've given you that email. Right? So okay, let me write up
Sunny Savita: alright. Thank you very so much.